We have updated our Privacy Policy. Among other clarifying changes, we have added more details about the information we collect and how it's used, including clarifications related to, for example, collection of user content information, use of data for verification, ad related choices, data sharing with third party services, and data storage/processing practices.

Welcome to TikTok (the “Platform”). The Platform is provided and controlled by TikTok Inc. (“TikTok”, “we” or “us”). We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy covers the experience we provide for users age 13 and over on our Platform. For information about our under-13 experience (“Children’s Platform”) and our practices in the United States regarding children’s privacy, please refer to our Privacy Policy for Younger Users.

Capitalized terms that are not defined in this policy have the meaning given to them in the Terms of Service.

What information do we collect?

We collect information when you create an account or use the Platform. We also collect information you share with us from third-party social network providers, and technical and behavioral information about your use of the Platform. We also collect information contained in the messages you send through our Platform and, if you grant us access, information from your phone book on your mobile device. More information about the categories and sources of information is provided below.

Information you choose to provide
For certain activities, such as when you register, upload content to the Platform, or contact us directly, you may provide some or all of the following information:

Registration information, such as age, username and password, language, and email or phone number
Profile information, such as name, social media account information, and profile image
User-generated content, including comments, photographs, livestreams, audio recordings, videos, and virtual item videos that you choose to create with or upload to the Platform (“User Content”). We collect User Content through pre-loading at the time of creation, import, or upload, regardless of whether you choose to save or upload that User Content, in order to recommend audio options and provide other personalized recommendations. If you apply an effect to your User Content, we may collect a version of your User Content that does not include the effect.
Content, including text, images, and video, found in your device’s clipboard, with your permission. For example, if you choose to initiate content sharing with a third-party platform, or choose to paste content from the clipboard into the TikTok App, we access this information stored in your clipboard in order to fulfill your request.
Payment information, including payment card numbers or other third-party payment information (such as PayPal) where required for the purpose of payment
Your phone and social network contacts, with your permission. If you choose to find other users through your phone contacts, we will access and collect the names and phone numbers and match that information against existing users of the Platform. If you choose to find other users through your social network contacts, we will collect your public profile information as well as names and profiles of your social network contacts
Your opt-in choices and communication preferences
Information to verify an account such as proof of identity or age 
Information in correspondence you send to us
Information you share through surveys or your participation in challenges, sweepstakes, or contests such as your gender, age, likeness, and preferences.
Information we obtain from other sources
We may receive the information described in this Privacy Policy from other sources, such as:

Social Media and Login Services. If you choose to link or sign up using  a third-party social network or login service (such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, or Google), we may collect information from these services, including your contact lists for these services and information relating to your use of the Platform in relation to these services. If you link your TikTok account to another service, we may receive information about your use of that service.

Third-Party Services. We may collect information about you from third-party services, such as advertising partners, data providers, and analytics providers.

Other Users of the Platform. Sometimes other users of the Platform may provide us information about you, including through customer service inquiries.

Other Sources. We may collect information about you from other publicly available sources.

Information we collect automatically
We automatically collect certain information from you when you use the Platform, including internet or other network activity information such as your IP address, geolocation-related data (as described below), unique device identifiers, browsing and search history (including content you have viewed in the Platform), and Cookies (as defined below).

Usage Information

We collect information regarding your use of the Platform and any other User Content that you generate through or upload to our Platform. 

Device Information

We collect certain information about the device you use to access the Platform, such as your IP address, user agent, mobile carrier, time zone settings, identifiers for advertising purposes, model of your device, the device system, network type, device IDs, your screen resolution and operating system, app and file names and types, keystroke patterns or rhythms,  battery state, audio settings and connected audio devices. Where you log-in from multiple devices, we will be able to use your profile information to identify your activity across devices. We may also associate you with information collected from devices other than those you use to log-in to the Platform. 

Location data

We collect information about your approximate location, including location information based on your SIM card and/or IP address. With your permission, we may also collect precise location data (such as GPS).

Image and Audio Information

We may collect information about the images and audio that are a part of your User Content, such as identifying the objects and scenery that appear, the existence and location within an image of face and body features and attributes, the nature of the audio, and the text of the words spoken in your User Content. We may collect this information to enable special video effects, for content moderation, for demographic classification, for content and ad recommendations, and for other non-personally-identifying operations. We may collect biometric identifiers and biometric information as defined under US laws, such as faceprints and voiceprints, from your User Content. Where required by law, we will seek any required permissions from you prior to any such collection.

Messages

We collect and process, which includes scanning and analyzing, information you provide when you compose, send, or receive  messages through the Platform’s messaging functionality. That information includes the content of the message and information about when the message has been sent, received and/or read, as well as the participants of the communication. Please be aware that messages sent to other users of the Platform will be accessible by those users and that we are not responsible for the manner in which those users use or disclose messages.

Metadata

When you upload or create User Content, you automatically upload certain metadata that is connected to the User Content. Metadata describes other data and provides information about your User Content that will not always be evident to the viewer. In connection with your User Content the metadata can describe how, when, where, and by whom the piece of User Content was created, collected, or modified and how that content is formatted. It also includes information, such as your account name, that enables other users to trace back the User Content to your user account. Additionally, metadata includes data that you choose to provide with your User Content, e.g. any hashtags used to mark keywords to the video and captions.

Cookies

We and our service providers and business partners use cookies and other similar technologies (e.g. web beacons, flash cookies, etc.) (“Cookies”) to automatically collect information, measure and analyze which web pages and advertisements you click on and how you use the Platform, enhance your experience using the Platform, improve the Platform, provide you with advertising on the Platform and elsewhere across your devices, and measure the effectiveness of advertisements. Cookies enable the Platform to provide certain features and functionality. Web beacons are very small images or small pieces of data embedded in images, also known as “pixel tags” or “clear GIFs,” that can recognize Cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, a description of the page where the pixel tag is placed, and similar information from your computer or device. To learn how to disable Cookies, see the “Your choices” section below.

We and our service providers and business partners may link your contact or account information with your activity on and off our Platform across all your devices, using your email or other log-in or device information. Our service providers and business partners may use this information to display advertisements on our Platform and elsewhere online and across your devices tailored to your interests, preferences, and characteristics. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these service providers and business partners, and the information practices of these service providers and business partners are not covered by this Privacy Policy.

We may aggregate or de-identify the information described above. Aggregated or de-identified data is not subject to this Privacy Policy.

How we use your information

As explained below, we use your information to improve, support and administer the Platform, to allow you to use its functionalities, and to fulfill and enforce our Terms of Service. We may also use your information to, among other things, show you suggestions, promote the Platform, and customize your ad experience.

We generally use the information we collect:

To fulfill requests for products, services, Platform functionality, support and information for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical, and survey purposes and to solicit your feedback
To customize the content you see when you use the Platform. For example, we may provide you with services based on the country settings you have chosen or show you content that is similar to content that you like or interacted with
To send promotional materials from us or on behalf of our affiliates and trusted third parties
To improve and develop our Platform and conduct product development
To measure and understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you and others and to deliver advertising
To make suggestions and provide a customized ad experience
To support the social functions of the Platform, including to permit you and other users to connect with each other through the Platform and for you and other users to share, download, and otherwise interact with User Content posted through the Platform
To use User Content as part of our advertising and marketing campaigns to promote the Platform
To understand how you use the Platform, including across your devices
To infer additional information about you, such as your age, gender, and interests
To help us detect abuse, fraud, and illegal activity on the Platform
To prove your identity in order to use certain features, such as livestream or verified accounts, or when you apply for a Pro Account, ensure that you are old enough to use the Platform (as required by law), or in other instances where verification may be required
To communicate with you, including to notify you about changes in our services
To announce you as a winner of our contest, sweepstakes, or promotions if permitted by the promotion rule, and to send you any applicable prizes
To enforce our terms, conditions, and policies
Consistent with your permissions, to provide you with location-based services, such as advertising and other personalized content
To inform our algorithms
To combine all the information we collect or receive about you for any of the foregoing purposes
For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.
To facilitate sales, promotion, and purchases of goods and services and to provide user support

How we share your information

We are committed to maintaining your trust, and while TikTok does not sell personal information to third parties, we want you to understand when and with whom we may share the information we collect for business purposes.

Service Providers and Business Partners
We share the categories of personal information listed above with service providers and business partners to help us perform business operations and for business purposes, including research, payment processing and transaction fulfillment, database maintenance, administering contests and special offers, technology services, deliveries, sending communications, advertising, analytics, measurement, data storage and hosting, disaster recovery, search engine optimization, marketing, and data processing. These service providers and business partners may include:

Payment processors and transaction fulfillment providers, who may receive the information you choose to provide, the information we obtain from other sources, and the information we collect automatically but who do not receive your message data.
Customer and technical support providers, who may receive the information you choose to provide, the information we obtain from other sources, and the information we collect automatically.
Research providers, who may receive the information you choose to provide, the information we obtain from other sources, and the information we collect automatically but would not receive your payment information or message data.
Cloud providers, who may receive the information you choose to provide, the information we obtain from other sources, and the information we collect automatically.
Advertising, marketing, and analytics vendors, who may receive the information you choose to provide, the information we obtain from other sources, and the information we collect automatically but would not receive your payment information or message data.
Within Our Corporate Group
We may share all of the information we collect with a parent, subsidiary, or other affiliate of our corporate group.

In Connection with a Sale, Merger, or Other Business Transfer
We may share all of the information we collect in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of a website, a merger, consolidation, asset sales, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.

For Legal Reasons
We may disclose any of the information we collect to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, law enforcement requests, legal claims, or government inquiries, and to protect and defend the rights, interests, safety, and security of TikTok Inc., the Platform, our affiliates, users, or the public. We may also share any of the information we collect to enforce any terms applicable to the Platform, to exercise or defend any legal claims, and comply with any applicable law. 

With Your Consent
We may share your information for other purposes pursuant to your consent or at your direction.

If you access third-party services, such as Facebook, Google, or Twitter, to login to the Platform or to share information about your usage on the Platform with others, these third-party services may be able to collect information about you, including information about your activity on the Platform, and they may notify your connections on the third-party services about your use of the Platform, in accordance with their privacy policies. If you choose to allow a third-party service to access your account, we will share certain information about you with the third party. Depending on the permissions you grant, the third party may be able to obtain your account information and other information you choose to provide.

If you choose to engage in public activities on the Platform, you should be aware that any information you share may be read, collected, or used by other users. You should use caution in disclosing personal information while using the Platform. We are not responsible for the information you choose to submit.

Your Rights

You may submit a request to access or delete the information we have collected about you by sending your request to us at the email or physical address provided in the Contact section at the bottom of this policy. You may be entitled, in accordance with applicable law, to submit a request through an authorized agent. To designate an authorized agent to exercise choices on your behalf, please provide evidence that you have given such agent power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law and subject to proper verification. We will verify your request by asking you to send it from the email address associated with your account or to provide information necessary to verify your account. We do not discriminate based on the exercise of any privacy rights that you might have.

The metrics for requests to access and requests to delete received by TikTok during the previous calendar year can be found here.

Your Choices

You may be able to control some of the information we collect by adjusting your browser settings to refuse or disable Cookies. Because each browser is different, please consult the instructions provided by your browser. Please note that you may need to take additional steps to refuse or disable certain types of Cookies. In addition, your choice to disable cookies is specific to the particular browser or device that you are using when you disable cookies, so you may need to separately disable cookies for each type of browser or device. If you choose to refuse, disable, or delete Cookies, some of the functionality of the Platform may no longer be available to you. Without this information, we are not able to provide you with all the requested services.
Depending on the version of the Platform you are using, you may be able to decide whether you see certain types of interest-based advertising on the Platform by visiting your in-app settings.
You may be able to manage third-party advertising preferences for some of the third parties we work with to serve advertising across the Internet by using the choices available at https://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp and https://www.aboutads.info/choices.
Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect or how we can use that information. For example, you can control whether we can use your mobile advertising identifier for advertising through settings on your Apple and Android devices.  
You can opt out of marketing or advertising emails by using the “unsubscribe” link or mechanism noted in marketing or advertising emails.
If you previously chose to share precise location information, you can prevent your device from sharing precise location information (e.g. GPS location information) with the Platform at any time through your device’s operating system settings. 
If you have registered for an account, you may access, review, and update certain personal information that you have provided to us by logging into your account and using available features and functionalities.
Some browsers transmit “do-not-track” signals to websites. Because of differences in how browsers incorporate and activate this feature, we currently do not take action in response to these signals.

Security and Storage

We use reasonable measures to help protect information from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. You should understand that no data storage system or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure. Please note that information collected by third parties may not have the same security protections as information you submit to us, and we are not responsible for protecting the security of such information.

TikTok may transmit your data to its servers or data centers outside of the United States for storage and/or processing. Third parties with whom TikTok may share your data as described herein may be located outside of the United States.

Children

The privacy of users under the age of 13 (“Younger Users”) is important to us. We provide a separate experience for Younger Users in the United States on the Children’s Platform, in which we collect only limited information. For more information on our United States data collection practices for Younger Users, please visit the Privacy Policy for Younger Users.

The Platform otherwise is not directed at children under the age of 13. If we become aware that personal information has been collected on the Platform from a person under the age of 13 we will delete this information and terminate the person’s account. If you believe that we have collected information from a child under the age of 13 on the Platform, contact us at: https://tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy.

Other Rights

Sharing for Direct Marketing Purposes (Shine the Light)
If you are a California resident, once a calendar year, you may be entitled to obtain information about personal information that we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information, as well as the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year. To submit a request, contact us at: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy.

Content Removal for Users Under 18
Users of the Platform who are California residents and are under 18 years of age may request and obtain removal of User Content they posted by contacting us at: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy. All requests must be labeled “California Removal Request” on the email subject line. All requests must provide a description of the user Content you want removed and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate that User Content. We do not accept California Removal Requests via postal mail, telephone, or facsimile. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, and we may not be able to respond if you do not provide adequate information. Please note that your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the material. For example, materials that you have posted may be republished or reposted by another user or third party.

Changes

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we update the Privacy Policy, we will notify you by updating the “Last Updated” date at the top of this policy and posting the new Privacy Policy and providing any other notice required by applicable law. We recommend that you review the Privacy Policy each time you visit the Platform to stay informed of our privacy practices.
Snap Inc. is a camera company. Our products and services — including Snapchat, Bitmoji, Spectacles, advertising, and others that link to this Privacy Policy — provide fast and fun ways to express yourself, live in the moment, learn about the world, and have fun together!

When you use these services, you’ll share some information with us. So we want to be upfront about the information we collect, how we use it, whom we share it with, and the controls we give you to access, update, and delete your information.

That’s why we’ve written this Privacy Policy. And it’s why we’ve tried to write it in a way that’s easy to understand for all our users and blissfully free of the legalese that often clouds these documents. Of course, if you still have questions about anything in our Privacy Policy, just contact us.

You should read our entire Privacy Policy, but when you only have a few minutes or want to remember something later on, you can always take a look at this overview and video. We also encourage you to check out the rest of our Privacy Center. We designed it to give you easy-to-digest summaries of our privacy practices. For example, our Privacy by Product page provides a breakdown of specific privacy features for our products.
Information We Collect
There are three basic categories of information we collect:

Information you provide.

Information we get when you use our services.

Information we get from third parties.

Here’s a little more detail on each of these categories.

Information You Provide
When you interact with our services, we collect information that you provide to us. For example, many of our services require you to set up an account, so we may need to collect a few important details about you, such as your name, username, password, email address, phone number, and date of birth. We may also ask you to provide us with some additional information that will be publicly visible on our services, such as a profile picture or Bitmoji avatar. Some services, such as commerce products, may require you to provide us with a debit or credit card number and its associated account information.

Of course, you’ll also provide us whatever information you send through our services, such as Snaps and Chats. Keep in mind that the users who view your Snaps, Chats, and any other content can always save that content or copy it outside the app. So, the same common sense that applies to the internet at large applies to our services as well: Don’t send messages or share content that you wouldn’t want someone to save or share.

When you contact customer support or communicate with us in any other way, we’ll collect whatever information you volunteer or that we need to resolve your question.

Information We Get When You Use Our Services
When you use our services, we collect information about which of those services you’ve used and how you’ve used them. We might know, for instance, that you watched a particular Story, saw a specific ad for a certain period of time, and sent a few Snaps. Here’s a fuller explanation of the types of information we collect when you use our services:

Usage Information. We collect information about your activity through our services. For example, we may collect information about:

how you interact with our services, such as which filters you view or apply to Snaps, which Stories you watch on Discover, whether you’re using Spectacles, or which search queries you submit.

how you communicate with other Snapchatters, such as their names, the time and date of your communications, the number of messages you exchange with your friends, which friends you exchange messages with the most, and your interactions with messages (such as when you open a message or capture a screenshot).

Content Information. We collect content you create on our services, such as custom stickers, and information about the content you create or provide, such as if the recipient has viewed the content and the metadata that is provided with the content.

Device Information. We collect information from and about the devices you use. For example, we collect:

information about your hardware and software, such as the hardware model, operating system version, device memory, advertising identifiers, unique application identifiers, apps installed, unique device identifiers, browser type, keyboards installed, language, battery level, and time zone;

information from device sensors, such as accelerometers, gyroscopes, compasses, microphones, and whether you have headphones connected; and

information about your wireless and mobile network connections, such as mobile phone number, service provider, IP address, and signal strength.

Device Phonebook. Because our services are all about communicating with friends, we may — with your permission — collect information from your device’s phonebook.

Camera and Photos. Many of our services require us to collect images and other information from your device’s camera and photos. For example, you won’t be able to send Snaps or upload photos from your camera roll unless we can access your camera or photos.

Location Information. When you use our services we may collect information about your location. With your permission, we may also collect information about your precise location using methods that include GPS, wireless networks, cell towers, Wi-Fi access points, and other sensors, such as gyroscopes, accelerometers, and compasses.

Information Collected by Cookies and Other Technologies. Like most online services and mobile applications, we may use cookies and other technologies, such as web beacons, web storage, and unique advertising identifiers, to collect information about your activity, browser, and device. We may also use these technologies to collect information when you interact with services we offer through one of our partners, such as advertising and commerce features. For example, we may use information collected on other websites to show you more relevant ads. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually remove or reject browser cookies through the settings on your browser or device. Keep in mind, though, that removing or rejecting cookies could affect the availability and functionality of our services. To learn more about how we and our partners use cookies on our services and your choices, please check out our Cookie Policy.

Log Information. We also collect log information when you use our website, such as:

details about how you’ve used our services;

device information, such as your web browser type and language;

access times;

pages viewed;

IP address;

identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser; and

pages you visited before or after navigating to our website.

Information We Collect from Third Parties
We may collect information about you from other users, our affiliates, and third parties. Here are a few examples:

If you link your Snapchat account to another service (like Bitmoji or a third-party app), we may receive information from the other service, like how you use that service.

Advertisers, app developers, publishers, and other third parties may share information with us as well. We may use this information, among other ways, to help target or measure the performance of ads. You can learn more about our use of this kind of third-party data in our Support Center.

If another user uploads their contact list, we may combine information from that user’s contact list with other information we have collected about you.

How We Use Information
What do we do with the information we collect? For the detailed answer, go here. The short answer is: Provide you with an amazing set of products and services that we relentlessly improve. Here are the ways we do that:

develop, operate, improve, deliver, maintain, and protect our products and services.

send you communications, including by email. For example, we may use email to respond to support inquiries or to share information about our products, services, and promotional offers that we think may interest you.

monitor and analyze trends and usage.

personalize our services by, among other things, suggesting friends, profile information, or Bitmoji stickers, helping Snapchatters find each other in Snapchat, affiliate and third-party apps and services, or customizing the content we show you, including ads.

add context to your Snapchat experience, for example by tagging your Memories with searchable labels based on your location (of course, if you’ve given us permission to collect your location) and the content of your photo or video (e.g., if there’s a dog in your photo, it may be searchable in Memories by the term “dog”).

provide and improve our advertising services, ad targeting, and ad measurement, including through the use of your precise location information (again, if you’ve given us permission to collect that information), both on and off our services. We may also store information about your use of third-party apps and websites on your device to do this. Learn more. See the Control Over Your Information section below for more information about Snap Inc.’s advertising practices and your choices.

enhance the safety and security of our products and services.

verify your identity and prevent fraud or other unauthorized or illegal activity.

use information we’ve collected from cookies and other technology to enhance our services and your experience with them.

enforce, investigate, and report conduct violating our Terms of Service and other usage policies, respond to requests from law enforcement, and comply with legal requirements.

We may also use information from Apple’s TrueDepth camera to improve the quality of Lenses. Information from the TrueDepth camera is used in real time — we don’t store this information on our servers or share it with third parties.

How We Share Information
We may share information about you in the following ways:

With other Snapchatters. We may share the following information with other Snapchatters:

information about you, such as your username, name, and Bitmoji.

information about how you have interacted with our services, such as your Snapchat “score,” the names of Snapchatters you are friends with, and other information that will help Snapchatters understand your connections with others using our services. For example, because it may not be clear whether a new friend request comes from someone you actually know, we may share whether you and the requestor have Snapchat friends in common.

information about your device, such as the operating system and device type, to help you receive Chats, Snaps, and other content in the optimal viewing format.

any additional information you have directed us to share. For example, Snap will share your information when you connect your Snapchat account to a third-party app, and if you share information or content from Snapchat to the third-party app.

content you post or send. How widely your content is shared depends on your personal settings and the type of service you are using. For example, a Snap may be sent to just a single friend you select, but your My Story content may be seen by any Snapchatter whom you allow to see your My Story.

With all Snapchatters, our business partners, and the general public. We may share the following information with all Snapchatters as well as with our business partners and the general public:

public information like your name, username, profile pictures, Snapcode, and Public Profile.

Public Content like your Highlights, Custom Stickers, Lenses, Story submissions that are set to be viewable by Everyone, and any content that you submit to an inherently public service, like Spotlight, Snap Map, and other crowd-sourced services. This content may be viewed, used, and shared by the public at large both on and off our services, including through search results, on websites, in apps, and in online and offline broadcasts.

With our affiliates. We may share information with entities within the Snap Inc. family of companies.

With third parties. We may share information with third parties in the following ways:

We may share information about you with service providers who perform services on our behalf, including to facilitate payments and measure and optimize the performance of ads and deliver more relevant ads, including on third-party websites and apps.

We may share information about you with business partners that provide services and functionality on our services. For more information about information collected by third parties on our services, visit our Support Site.

We may share information about you, such as device and usage information, to help us and others prevent fraud.

We may share information about you for legal, safety, and security reasons. We may share information about you if we reasonably believe that disclosing the information is needed to:

comply with any valid legal process, governmental request, or applicable law, rule, or regulation.

investigate, remedy, or enforce potential Terms of Service and Community Guidelines violations.

protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our users, or others.

detect and resolve any fraud or security concerns.

We may share information about you as part of a merger or acquisition. If Snap Inc. gets involved in a merger, asset sale, financing, liquidation or bankruptcy, or acquisition of all or some portion of our business to another company, we may share your information with that company before and after the transaction closes.

Non-personal information. We may also share with third parties that provide services to us or perform business purposes for us aggregated, non-personally identifiable, or de-identified information.

Third-Party Content and Integrations
Our services may contain third-party content and integrations. Examples include third-party integrations in the Camera, third-party games in Chat, and third-party Snap Kit integrations. Through these integrations, you may be providing information to the third party as well as to Snap. We are not responsible for how those third parties collect or use your information. As always, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of every third-party service that you visit or use, including those third parties you interact with through our services. You can learn more about third-party services in Snapchat here.

How Long We Keep Your Information
Snapchat lets you capture what it’s like to live in the moment. On our end, that means most messages — like Snaps and Chats — sent in Snapchat will be automatically deleted by default from our servers after we detect they’ve been opened by all recipients or have expired. Other content, like Story posts, are stored for longer. For detailed information about how long we store different types of content, check out our Support Site.

We store other information for longer periods of time. For example:

We store your basic account information — like your name, phone number, and email address — and list of friends until you ask us to delete them.

We store location information for different lengths of time based on how precise it is and which services you use. If location information is associated with a Snap — like those saved to Memories or posted to Snap Map or Spotlight — we’ll retain that location as long as we store the Snap. Pro tip: You can see the location data we retain about you by downloading your data.

If you ever decide to stop using Snapchat, you can just ask us to delete your account. We’ll also delete most of the information we’ve collected about you after you’ve been inactive for a while!

Keep in mind that, while our systems are designed to carry out our deletion practices automatically, we cannot promise that deletion will occur within a specific timeframe. There may be legal requirements to store your data and we may need to suspend those deletion practices if we receive valid legal process asking us to preserve content, if we receive reports of abuse or other Terms of Service violations, or if your account or content created by you is flagged by others or our systems for abuse or other Terms of Service violations. Finally, we may also retain certain information in backup for a limited period of time or as required by law.

Control Over Your Information
We want you to be in control of your information, so we provide you with the following tools.

Access, Correction, and Portability. You can access and edit most of your basic account information right in our apps. You can also use Download My Data to obtain a copy of information that isn’t available in our apps in a portable format, so you can move it or store it wherever you want. Because your privacy is important to us, we will ask you to verify your identity or provide additional information before we let you access or update your personal information. We may also reject your request to access or update your personal information for a number of reasons, including, for example, if the request risks the privacy of other users or is unlawful.

Revoking permissions. In most cases, if you let us use your information, you can simply revoke your permission by changing the settings in the app or on your device if your device offers those options. Of course, if you do that, certain services may lose full functionality.

Deletion. While we hope you’ll remain a lifelong Snapchatter, if for some reason you ever want to delete your account, just go here to learn how. You can also delete some information in the app, like photos you’ve saved to Memories, Spotlight submissions, and search history.

Advertising Preferences. We try to show you ads that we think will be relevant to your interests. If you would like to modify the information we and our advertising partners use to select these ads, you can do so in the app and through your device preferences. Go here to learn more.

Tracking. If you opt out of tracking on devices running iOS 14.5 or more recent versions, we will not link identifiable information from third-party apps and websites with identifiable information from Snapchat for advertising purposes, except on your device. You can control use of this on-device data for advertising by opting out of Activity-Based Advertising in Snapchat Ad Preferences Settings. Go here to learn more.

Communicating with other Snapchatters. It’s important to us that you stay in control over whom you communicate with. That’s why we’ve built a number of tools in Settings that let you indicate, among other things, who you want to see your Stories, whether you’d like to receive Snaps from just your friends or all Snapchatters, and whether you’d like to block another Snapchatter from contacting you again. Go here to learn more.

International Data Transfers
We may collect your personal information from, transfer it to, and store and process it in the United States and other countries outside of where you live. Whenever we share information outside of where you live, when we are legally required to do so, we make sure an adequate transfer mechanism is in place. We also make sure any third parties we share information with have an adequate transfer mechanism in place, as well. You can find more information on the categories of third parties we share information with here.

State and Region Specific Information
You may have specific privacy rights in your state or region. For example, in the United States, residents of California and other states have specific privacy rights. Snapchatters in the European Economic Area (EEA), the UK, Brazil, the Republic of Korea, and other jurisdictions also have specific rights. We keep an up-to-date overview of state and region specific disclosures here.

Children
Our services are not intended for — and we don’t direct them to — anyone under 13. And that’s why we do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under 13. In addition, we may limit how we collect, use, and store some of the information of EEA and UK users between 13 and 16. In some cases, this means we will be unable to provide certain functionality to these users. If we need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your information and your country requires consent from a parent, we may require your parent’s consent before we collect and use that information.

Revisions to the Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. But when we do, we’ll let you know one way or another. Sometimes, we’ll let you know by revising the date at the top of the Privacy Policy that’s available on our website and mobile application. Other times, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our websites’ homepages or providing you with an in-app notification).
Your Privacy Matters
LinkedIn’s mission is to connect the world’s professionals to allow them to be more productive and successful. Central to this mission is our commitment to be transparent about the data we collect about you, how it is used and with whom it is shared.

This Privacy Policy applies when you use our Services (described below). We offer our users choices about the data we collect, use and share as described in this Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy, Settings and our Help Center.

Key Terms 

Table of Contents
Data We Collect
How We Use Your Data
How We Share Information
Your Choices and Obligations
Other Important Information
Introduction
We are a social network and online platform for professionals. People use our Services to find and be found for business opportunities, to connect with others and find information. Our Privacy Policy applies to any Member or Visitor to our Services.

Our registered users (“Members”) share their professional identities, engage with their network, exchange knowledge and professional insights, post and view relevant content, learn and develop skills, and find business and career opportunities. Content and data on some of our Services is viewable to non-members (“Visitors”).

We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to countries in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland.

Services
This Privacy Policy, including our Cookie Policy applies to your use of our Services.
This Privacy Policy applies to LinkedIn.com, LinkedIn-branded apps, LinkedIn Learning and other LinkedIn-related sites, apps, communications and services (“Services”), including off-site Services, such as our ad services and the “Apply with LinkedIn” and “Share with LinkedIn” plugins, but excluding services that state that they are offered under a different privacy policy. For California residents, additional disclosures required by California law may be found in our California Privacy Disclosure.

Data Controllers and Contracting Parties
If you are in the “Designated Countries”, LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (“LinkedIn Ireland”) will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.

If you are outside of the Designated Countries, LinkedIn Corporation will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with, our Services.

As a Visitor or Member of our Services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to this Privacy Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy, as well as updates.

Change
Changes to the Privacy Policy apply to your use of our Services after the “effective date.”

LinkedIn (“we” or “us”) can modify this Privacy Policy, and if we make material changes to it, we will provide notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. If you object to any changes, you may close your account.

You acknowledge that your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to this Privacy Policy means that the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to the updated Privacy Policy, as of its effective date.

1. Data We Collect
1.1 Data You Provide To Us
You provide data to create an account with us.

Registration
To create an account you need to provide data including your name, email address and/or mobile number, and a password. If you register for a premium Service, you will need to provide payment (e.g., credit card) and billing information.

You create your LinkedIn profile (a complete profile helps you get the most from our Services).

Profile
You have choices about the information on your profile, such as your education, work experience, skills, photo, city or area and endorsements. Some Members may choose to complete a separate ProFinder profile. You don’t have to provide additional information on your profile; however, profile information helps you to get more from our Services, including helping recruiters and business opportunities find you. It’s your choice whether to include sensitive information on your profile and to make that sensitive information public. Please do not post or add personal data to your profile that you would not want to be publicly available.

You give other data to us, such as by syncing your address book or calendar.

Posting and Uploading
We collect personal data from you when you provide, post or upload it to our Services, such as when you fill out a form, (e.g., with demographic data or salary), respond to a survey, or submit a resume or fill out a job application on our Services. If you opt to import your address book, we receive your contacts (including contact information your service provider(s) or app automatically added to your address book when you communicated with addresses or numbers not already in your list).

If you sync your contacts or calendars with our Services, we will collect your address book and calendar meeting information to keep growing your network by suggesting connections for you and others, and by providing information about events, e.g. times, places, attendees and contacts.

You don’t have to post or upload personal data; though if you don’t, it may limit your ability to grow and engage with your network over our Services.

1.2 Data From Others
Others may post or write about you.

Content and News
You and others may post content that includes information about you (as part of articles, posts, comments, videos) on our Services. We also may collect public information about you, such as professional-related news and accomplishments, and make it available as part of our Services, including, as permitted by your settings, in notifications to others of mentions in the news.

Others may sync their contacts or calendar with our Services

Contact and Calendar Information
We receive personal data (including contact information) about you when others import or sync their contacts or calendar with our Services, associate their contacts with Member profiles, scan and upload business cards, or send messages using our Services (including invites or connection requests). If you or others opt-in to sync email accounts with our Services, we will also collect “email header” information that we can associate with Member profiles.

Customers and partners may provide data to us.

Partners
We receive personal data (e.g., your job title and work email address) about you when you use the services of our customers and partners, such as employers or prospective employers and applicant tracking systems providing us job application data.

Related Companies and Other Services
We receive data about you when you use some of the other services provided by us or our affiliates, including Microsoft. For example, you may choose to send us information about your contacts in Microsoft apps and services, such as Outlook, for improved professional networking activities on our Services

1.3 Service Use
We log your visits and use of our Services, including mobile apps.

We log usage data when you visit or otherwise use our Services, including our sites, app and platform technology, such as when you view or click on content (e.g., learning video) or ads (on or off our sites and apps), perform a search, install or update one of our mobile apps, share articles or apply for jobs. We use log-ins, cookies, device information and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses to identify you and log your use.

1.4 Cookies and Similar Technologies
We collect data through cookies and similar technologies.

As further described in our Cookie Policy, we use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., pixels and ad tags) to collect data (e.g., device IDs) to recognize you and your device(s) on, off and across different services and devices where you have engaged with our Services. We also allow some others to use cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. If you are outside the Designated Countries, we also collect (or rely on others who collect) information about your device where you have not engaged with our Services (e.g., ad ID, IP address, operating system and browser information) so we can provide our Members with relevant ads and better understand their effectiveness. Learn more. You can opt out from our use of data from cookies and similar technologies that track your behavior on the sites of others for ad targeting and other ad-related purposes. For Visitors, the controls are here.

1.5 Your Device and Location
We receive data through cookies and similar technologies

When you visit or leave our Services (including some plugins and our cookies or similar technology on the sites of others), we receive the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to and the time of your visit. We also get information about your network and device (e.g., IP address, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-ons, device identifier and features, cookie IDs and/or ISP, or your mobile carrier). If you use our Services from a mobile device, that device will send us data about your location based on your phone settings. We will ask you to opt-in before we use GPS or other tools to identify your precise location.

1.6 Messages
If you communicate through our Services, we learn about that.

We collect information about you when you send, receive, or engage with messages in connection with our Services. For example, if you get a LinkedIn connection request, we track whether you have acted on it and will send you reminders. We also use automatic scanning technology on messages to support and protect our site. For example, we use this technology to suggest possible responses to messages and to manage or block content that violates our User Agreement or Professional Community Policies from our Services.

1.7 Workplace and School Provided Information
When your organization (e.g., employer or school) buys a premium Service for you to use, they give us data about you.

Others buying our Services for your use, such as your employer or your school, provide us with personal data about you and your eligibility to use the Services that they purchase for use by their workers, students or alumni. For example, we will get contact information for “Company Page” administrators and for authorizing users of our premium Services, such as our recruiting, sales or learning products.

1.8 Sites and Services of Others
We get data when you visit sites that include our ads, cookies or some of our plugins or when you log-in to others’ services with your LinkedIn account.

We receive information about your visits and interaction with services provided by others when you log-in with LinkedIn or visit others’ services that include some of our plugins (such as “Apply with LinkedIn”) or our ads, cookies or similar technologies.

1.9 Other
We are improving our Services, which means we get new data and create new ways to use data.

Our Services are dynamic, and we often introduce new features, which may require the collection of new information. If we collect materially different personal data or materially change how we collect, use or share your data, we will notify you and may also modify this Privacy Policy.

Key Terms 
2. How We Use Your Data
We use your data to provide, support, personalize and develop our Services.

How we use your personal data will depend on which Services you use, how you use those Services and the choices you make in your settings. We use the data that we have about you to provide and personalize our Services, including with the help of automated systems and inferences we make, so that our Services (including ads) can be more relevant and useful to you and others.

2.1 Services
Our Services help you connect with others, find and be found for work and business opportunities, stay informed, get training and be more productive.

We use your data to authorize access to our Services and honor your settings.

Stay Connected
Our Services allow you to stay in touch and up to date with colleagues, partners, clients, and other professional contacts. To do so, you can “connect” with the professionals who you choose, and who also wish to “connect” with you. Subject to your and their settings, when you connect with other Members, you will be able to search each others’ connections in order to exchange professional opportunities.

We use data about you (such as your profile, profiles you have viewed or data provided through address book uploads or partner integrations) to help others find your profile, suggest connections for you and others (e.g. Members who share your contacts or job experiences) and enable you to invite others to become a Member and connect with you. You can also opt-in to allow us to use your precise location or proximity to others for certain tasks (e.g. to suggest other nearby Members for you to connect with, calculate the commute to a new job, or notify your connections that you are at a professional event).

It is your choice whether to invite someone to our Services, send a connection request, or allow another Member to become your connection. When you invite someone to connect with you, your invitation will include your network and basic profile information (e.g., name, profile photo, job title, region). We will send invitation reminders to the person you invited. You can choose whether or not to share your own list of connections with your connections.

Visitors have choices about how we use their data.

Stay Informed
Our Services allow you to stay informed about news, events and ideas regarding professional topics you care about, and from professionals you respect. Our Services also allow you to improve your professional skills, or learn new ones. We use the data we have about you (e.g., data you provide, data we collect from your engagement with our Services and inferences we make from the data we have about you), to personalize our Services for you, such as by recommending or ranking relevant content and conversations on our Services. We also use the data we have about you to suggest skills you could add to your profile and skills that you might need to pursue your next opportunity. So, if you let us know that you are interested in a new skill (e.g., by watching a learning video), we will use this information to personalize content in your feed, suggest that you follow certain members on our site, or suggest related learning content to help you towards that new skill. We use your content, activity and other data, including your name and photo, to provide notices to your network and others. For example, subject to your settings, we may notify others that you have updated your profile, posted content, took a social action, used a feature, made new connections or were mentioned in the news.

Career
Our Services allow you to explore careers, evaluate educational opportunities, and seek out, and be found for, career opportunities. Your profile can be found by those looking to hire (for a job or a specific task) or be hired by you. We will use your data to recommend jobs or mentees, show you and others relevant professional contacts (e.g., who work at a company, in an industry, function or location or have certain skills and connections). You can signal that you are interested in changing jobs and share information with recruiters. We will use your data to recommend jobs to you and you to recruiters. We may use automated systems to provide content and recommendations to help make our Services more relevant to our Members, Visitors and customers. Keeping your profile accurate and up-to-date may help you better connect to others and to opportunities through our Services.

Productivity
Our Services allow you to collaborate with colleagues, search for potential clients, customers, partners and others to do business with. Our Services allow you to communicate with other Members and schedule and prepare meetings with them. If your settings allow, we scan messages to provide “bots” or similar tools that facilitate tasks such as scheduling meetings, drafting responses, summarizing messages or recommending next steps. Learn more.

2.2 Premium Services
Our premium Services help paying users to search for and contact Members through our Services, such as searching for and contacting job candidates, sales leads and co-workers, manage talent and promote content through social media.

We sell premium Services that provide our customers and subscribers with customized-search functionality and tools (including messaging and activity alerts) as part of our talent, marketing and sales solutions. Customers can export limited information from your profile, such as name, headline, current company, current title, and general location (e.g., Dublin), such as to manage sales leads or talent, unless you opt-out. We do not provide contact information to customers as part of these premium Services without your consent. Premium Services customers can store information they have about you in our premium Services, such as a resume or contact information or sales history. The data stored about you by these customers is subject to the policies of those customers. Other enterprise Services and features that use your data include TeamLink and Elevate (social promotion of content).

2.3 Communications
We contact you and enable communications between Members. We offer settings to control what messages you receive and how often you receive some types of messages.

We will contact you through email, mobile phone, notices posted on our websites or apps, messages to your LinkedIn inbox, and other ways through our Services, including text messages and push notifications. We will send you messages about the availability of our Services, security, or other service-related issues. We also send messages about how to use our Services, network updates, reminders, job suggestions and promotional messages from us and our partners. You may change your communication preferences at any time. Please be aware that you cannot opt out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices.

We also enable communications between you and others through our Services, including for example invitations, InMail, groups and messages between connections.

2.4 Advertising
We serve you tailored ads both on and off our Services. We offer you choices regarding personalized ads, but you cannot opt-out of seeing other ads.

We target (and measure the performance of) ads to Members, Visitors and others both on and off our Services directly or through a variety of partners, using the following data, whether separately or combined:

Data from advertising technologies on and off our Services, pixels, ad tags, cookies, and device identifiers;
Member-provided information (e.g., profile, contact information, title and industry);
Data from your use of our Services (e.g., search history, feed, content you read, who you follow or is following you, connections, groups participation, page visits, videos you watch, clicking on an ad, etc.), including as described in Section 1.3;
Information from advertising partners, vendors and publishers; and
Information inferred from data described above (e.g., using job titles from a profile to infer industry, seniority, and compensation bracket; using graduation dates to infer age or using first names or pronoun usage to infer gender; using your feed activity to infer your interests; or using device data to recognize you as a Member).
We will show you ads called sponsored content which look similar to non-sponsored content, except that they are labeled as advertising (e.g., as “ad” or “sponsored”). If you take a social action (such as like, comment or share) on these ads, your action is associated with your name and viewable by others, including the advertiser. Subject to your settings, if you take a social action on the LinkedIn Services, that action may be mentioned with related ads. For example, when you like a company we may include your name and photo when their sponsored content is shown.

Ad Choices
We adhere to self-regulatory principles for interest-based advertising and participate in industry opt-outs from such ads. This does not opt you out of receiving advertising; you will continue to get other ads by advertisers not listed with these self regulatory tools. You can also opt-out specifically from our uses of certain categories of data to show you more relevant ads. For Visitors, the setting is here.

Info to Ad Providers
We do not share your personal data with any third-party advertisers or ad networks except for: (i) hashed IDs or device identifiers (to the extent they are personal data in some countries); (ii) with your separate permission (e.g., in a lead generation form) or (iii) data already visible to any users of the Services (e.g., profile). However, if you view or click on an ad on or off our Services, the ad provider will get a signal that someone visited the page that displayed the ad, and they may, through the use of mechanisms such as cookies, determine it is you. Advertising partners can associate personal data collected by the advertiser directly from you with hashed IDs or device identifiers received from us. In such instances, we seek to contractually require such advertising partners to obtain your explicit, opt-in consent before doing so.

2.5 Marketing
We promote our Services to you and others.

In addition to advertising our Services, we use Members’ data and content for invitations and communications promoting membership and network growth, engagement and our Services, such as by showing your connections that you have used a feature on our Services.

2.6 Developing Services and Research
We develop our Services and conduct research

Service Development
We use data, including public feedback, to conduct research and development for our Services in order to provide you and others with a better, more intuitive and personalized experience, drive membership growth and engagement on our Services, and help connect professionals to each other and to economic opportunity.

Other Research
We seek to create economic opportunity for Members of the global workforce and to help them be more productive and successful. We use the personal data available to us to research social, economic and workplace trends, such as jobs availability and skills needed for these jobs and policies that help bridge the gap in various industries and geographic areas. In some cases, we work with trusted third parties to perform this research, under controls that are designed to protect your privacy. We publish or allow others to publish economic insights, presented as aggregated data rather than personal data.

Surveys
Polls and surveys are conducted by us and others through our Services. You are not obligated to respond to polls or surveys, and you have choices about the information you provide. You may opt-out of survey invitations.

2.7 Customer Support
We use data to help you and fix problems.

We use data (which can include your communications) to investigate, respond to and resolve complaints and for Service issues (e.g., bugs).

2.8 Insights That Do Not Identify You
We use data to generate insights that do not identify you.

We use your data to produce and share insights that do not identify you. For example, we may use your data to generate statistics about our members, their profession or industry, to calculate ad impressions served or clicked on, or to publish visitor demographics for a Service or create demographic workforce insights.

2.9 Security and Investigations
We use data for security, fraud prevention and investigations.

We use your data (including your communications) for security purposes or to prevent or investigate possible fraud or other violations of our User Agreement and/or attempts to harm our Members, Visitors or others.

Key Terms 
3. How We Share Information
3.1 Our Services
Any data that you include on your profile and any content you post or social action (e.g., likes, follows, comments, shares) you take on our Services will be seen by others, consistent with your settings.

Profile
Your profile is fully visible to all Members and customers of our Services. Subject to your settings, it can also be visible to others on or off of our Services (e.g., Visitors to our Services or users of third- party search engines). As detailed in our Help Center, your settings, degree of connection with the viewing Member, the subscriptions they may have, their usage of our Services, access channels and search types (e.g., by name or by keyword) impact the availability of your profile and whether they can view certain fields in your profile.

Posts, Likes, Follows, Comments, Messages
Our Services allow viewing and sharing information including through posts, likes, follows and comments.

When you share an article or a post (e.g., an update, image, video or article) publicly it can be viewed by everyone and re-shared anywhere (subject to your settings). Members, Visitors and others will be able to find and see your publicly-shared content, including your name (and photo if you have provided one).
In a group, posts are visible to others in the group. Your membership in groups is public and part of your profile, but you can change visibility in your settings.
Any information you share through companies’ or other organizations’ pages on our Services will be viewable by it and others who visit those pages.
When you follow a person or organization, you are visible to others and that “page owner” as a follower.
We let senders know when you act on their message, subject to your settings where applicable.
Subject to your settings, we let a Member know when you view their profile.
When you like or re-share or comment on another’s content (including ads), others will be able to view these “social actions” and associate it with you (e.g., your name, profile and photo if you provided it).
Your employer can see how you use Services they provided for your work (e.g. as a recruiter or sales agent) and related information. We will not show them your job searches or personal messages.

Enterprise Accounts
Your employer may offer you access to our enterprise Services such as Recruiter, Sales Navigator, LinkedIn Learning or our advertising Campaign Manager. Your employer can review and manage your use of such enterprise Services.

Depending on the enterprise Service, before you use such Service, we will ask for permission to share with your employer relevant data from your profile or use of our non-enterprise Services. For example, users of Sales Navigator will be asked to share their “social selling index”, a score calculated in part based on their personal account activity. We understand that certain activities such as job hunting and personal messages are sensitive, and so we do not share those with your employer unless you choose to share it with them through our Services (for example, by applying for a new position in the same company or mentioning your job hunting in a message to a co-worker through our Services).

Subject to your settings, when you use workplace tools and services (e.g., interactive employee directory tools) certain of your data may also be made available to your employer or be connected with information we receive from your employer to enable these tools and services.

3.2 Communication Archival
Regulated Members may need to store communications outside of our Service.

Some Members (or their employers) need, for legal or professional compliance, to archive their communications and social media activity, and will use services of others to provide these archival services. We enable archiving of messages by and to those Members outside of our Services. For example, a financial advisor needs to archive communications with her clients through our Services in order to maintain her professional financial advisor license.

3.3 Others’ Services
You may link your account with others’ services so that they can look up your contacts’ profiles, post your shares on such platforms, or enable you to start conversations with your connections on such platforms. Excerpts from your profile will also appear on the services of others.

Subject to your settings, other services may look up your profile. When you opt to link your account with other services, personal data will become available to them. The sharing and use of that personal data will be described in, or linked to, a consent screen when you opt to link the accounts. For example, you may link your Twitter or WeChat account to share content from our Services into these other services, or your email provider may give you the option to upload your LinkedIn contacts into its own service. Third-party services have their own privacy policies, and you may be giving them permission to use your data in ways we would not. You may revoke the link with such accounts.

Subject to your settings, excerpts from your profile will appear on the services of others (e.g., search engine results, mail and calendar applications that show a user limited profile data of the person they are meeting or messaging, social media aggregators, talent and lead managers). “Old” profile information remains on these services until they update their data cache with changes you made to your profile.

3.4 Related Services
We share your data across our different Services and LinkedIn affiliated entities.

We will share your personal data with our affiliates to provide and develop our Services. We may combine information internally across the different Services covered by this Privacy Policy to help our Services be more relevant and useful to you and others. For example, we may personalize your feed or job recommendations based on your learning history.

3.5 Service Providers
We may use others to help us with our Services.

We use others to help us provide our Services (e.g., maintenance, analysis, audit, payments, fraud detection, marketing and development). They will have access to your information as reasonably necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes.

3.6 Legal Disclosures
We may need to share your data when we believe it’s required by law or to help protect the rights and safety of you, us or others.

It is possible that we will need to disclose information about you when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (2) enforce our agreements with you; (3) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; (4) protect the security or integrity of our Services (such as by sharing with companies facing similar threats); or (5) exercise or protect the rights and safety of LinkedIn, our Members, personnel or others. We attempt to notify Members about legal demands for their personal data when appropriate in our judgment, unless prohibited by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe, in our discretion, that the requests are overbroad, vague or lack proper authority, but we do not promise to challenge every demand. To learn more see our Data Request Guidelines and Transparency Report.

3.7 Change in Control or Sale
We may share your data when our business is sold to others, but it must continue to be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

We can also share your personal data as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events. Any other entity which buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy unless you agree otherwise.

4. Your Choices & Obligations
4.1 Data Retention
We keep most of your personal data for as long as your account is open.

We generally retain your personal data as long as you keep your account open or as needed to provide you Services. This includes data you or others provided to us and data generated or inferred from your use of our Services. Even if you only use our Services when looking for a new job every few years, we will retain your information and keep your profile open, unless you close your account. In some cases we choose to retain certain information (e.g., insights about Services use) in a depersonalized or aggregated form.

4.2 Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Data
You can access or delete your personal data. You have many choices about how your data is collected, used and shared.

We provide many choices about the collection, use and sharing of your data, from deleting or correcting data you include in your profile and controlling the visibility of your posts to advertising opt-outs and communication controls. We offer you settings to control and manage the personal data we have about you.

For personal data that we have about you, you can:

Delete Data: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e.g., if it is no longer necessary to provide Services to you).
Change or Correct Data: You can edit some of your personal data through your account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held).
Right to Access and/or Take Your Data: You can ask us for a copy of your personal data and can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in machine readable form.
Visitors can learn more about how to make these requests here. You may also contact us using the contact information below, and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.

Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have additional rights under their laws.

4.3 Account Closure
We keep some of your data even after you close your account.

If you choose to close your LinkedIn account, your personal data will generally stop being visible to others on our Services within 24 hours. We generally delete closed account information within 30 days of account closure, except as noted below.

We retain your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse (e.g., if we have restricted your account for breach of our Professional Community Policies), enforce our User Agreement, or fulfill your request to "unsubscribe" from further messages from us. We will retain de-personalized information after your account has been closed.

Information you have shared with others (e.g., through InMail, updates or group posts) will remain visible after you close your account or delete the information from your own profile or mailbox, and we do not control data that other Members have copied out of our Services. Groups content and ratings or review content associated with closed accounts will show an unknown user as the source. Your profile may continue to be displayed in the services of others (e.g., search engine results) until they refresh their cache.

5. Other Important Information
5.1. Security
We monitor for and try to prevent security breaches. Please use the security features available through our Services.

We implement security safeguards designed to protect your data, such as HTTPS. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. However, we cannot warrant the security of any information that you send us. There is no guarantee that data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Please visit our Safety Center for additional information about safely using our Services, including two-factor authentication.

5.2. Cross-Border Data Transfers
We store and use your data outside your country.

We process data both inside and outside of the United States and rely on legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders. Learn more. Countries where we process data may have laws which are different from, and potentially not as protective as, the laws of your own country.

5.3 Lawful Bases for Processing
We have lawful bases to collect, use and share data about you. You have choices about our use of your data. At any time, you can withdraw consent you have provided by going to settings.

We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent(where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g., to deliver the LinkedIn Services you have requested) and “legitimate interests.” Learn more.

Where we rely on your consent to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object. Learn More. If you have any questions about the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please contact our Data Protection Officer here.

5.4. Direct Marketing and Do Not Track Signals
Our statements regarding direct marketing and “do not track” signals.

We currently do not share personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your permission. Learn more about this and about our response to “do not track” signals.

5.5. Contact Information
You can contact us or use other options to resolve any complaints.

If you have questions or complaints regarding this Policy, please first contact LinkedIn online. You can also reach us by physical mail. If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you have more options. Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may also have the right to contact our Data Protection Officer here.If this does not resolve your complaint, Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have more options under their laws.
The Facebook company is now Meta. We’ve updated our Terms of Use, Data Policy, and Cookies Policy to reflect the new name on January 4, 2022. While our company name has changed, we are continuing to offer the same products, including the Facebook app from Meta. Our Data Policy and Terms of Service remain in effect, and this name change does not affect how we use or share data. Learn more about Meta and our vision for the metaverse.
Data Policy
This policy describes the information we process to support Facebook, Instagram, Messenger and other products and features offered by Meta Platforms, Inc. (Meta Products or Products). You can find additional tools and information in the Facebook Settings and Instagram Settings.
I. What kinds of information do we collect?
To provide the Meta Products, we must process information about you. The types of information we collect depend on how you use our Products. You can learn how to access and delete information we collect by visiting the Facebook Settings and Instagram Settings.
Things you and others do and provide.
Information and content you provide. We collect the content, communications and other information you provide when you use our Products, including when you sign up for an account, create or share content, and message or communicate with others. This can include information in or about the content you provide (like metadata), such as the location of a photo or the date a file was created. It can also include what you see through features we provide, such as our camera, so we can do things like suggest masks and filters that you might like, or give you tips on using camera formats. Our systems automatically process content and communications you and others provide to analyze context and what's in them for the purposes described below. Learn more about how you can control who can see the things you share.
Data with special protections: You can choose to provide information in your Facebook profile fields or Life Events about your religious views, political views, who you are "interested in," or your health. This and other information (such as racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership) could be subject to special protections under the laws of your country.
Networks and connections. We collect information about the people, accounts, hashtags and Facebook groups, and Pages you are connected to and how you interact with them across our Products, such as people you communicate with the most or groups you are part of. We also collect contact information if you choose to upload, sync or import it from a device (such as an address book or call log or SMS log history), which we use for things like helping you and others find people you may know and for the other purposes listed below.
Your usage. We collect information about how you use our Products, such as the types of content you view or engage with; the features you use; the actions you take; the people or accounts you interact with; and the time, frequency and duration of your activities. For example, we log when you're using and have last used our Products, and what posts, videos and other content you view on our Products. We also collect information about how you use features like our camera.
Information about transactions made on our Products. If you use our Products for purchases or other financial transactions (such as when you make a purchase in a game or make a donation), we collect information about the purchase or transaction. This includes payment information, such as your credit or debit card number and other card information; other account and authentication information; and billing, shipping and contact details.
Things others do and information they provide about you. We also receive and analyze content, communications and information that other people provide when they use our Products. This can include information about you, such as when others share or comment on a photo of you, send a message to you, or upload, sync or import your contact information.

Device Information
As described below, we collect information from and about the computers, phones, connected TVs and other web-connected devices you use that integrate with our Products, and we combine this information across different devices you use. For example, we use information collected about your use of our Products on your phone to better personalize the content (including ads) or features you see when you use our Products on another device, such as your laptop or tablet, or to measure whether you took an action in response to an ad we showed you on your phone on a different device.
Information we obtain from these devices includes:
Device attributes: information such as the operating system, hardware and software versions, battery level, signal strength, available storage space, browser type, app and file names and types, and plugins.
Device operations: information about operations and behaviors performed on the device, such as whether a window is foregrounded or backgrounded, or mouse movements (which can help distinguish humans from bots).
Identifiers: unique identifiers, device IDs, and other identifiers, such as from games, apps or accounts you use, and Family Device IDs (or other identifiers unique to Meta Company Products associated with the same device or account).
Device signals: Bluetooth signals, and information about nearby Wi-Fi access points, beacons, and cell towers.
Data from device settings: information you allow us to receive through device settings you turn on, such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos.
Network and connections: information such as the name of your mobile operator or ISP, language, time zone, mobile phone number, IP address, connection speed and, in some cases, information about other devices that are nearby or on your network, so we can do things like help you stream a video from your phone to your TV.
Cookie data: data from cookies stored on your device, including cookie IDs and settings. Learn more about how we use cookies in the Facebook Cookies Policy and Instagram Cookies Policy.

Information from partners.
Advertisers, app developers, and publishers can send us information through Meta Business Tools they use, including our social plug-ins (such as the Like button), Facebook Login, our APIs and SDKs, or the Meta pixel. These partners provide information about your activities off of our Products—including information about your device, websites you visit, purchases you make, the ads you see, and how you use their services—whether or not you have an account or are logged into our Products. For example, a game developer could use our API to tell us what games you play, or a business could tell us about a purchase you made in its store. We also receive information about your online and offline actions and purchases from third-party data providers who have the rights to provide us with your information.
Partners receive your data when you visit or use their services or through third parties they work with. We require each of these partners to have lawful rights to collect, use and share your data before providing any data to us. Learn more about the types of partners we receive data from.
To learn more about how we use cookies in connection with Meta Business Tools, review the Facebook Cookies Policy and Instagram Cookies Policy.


II. How do we use this information?
We use the information we have (subject to choices you make) as described below and to provide and support the Meta Products and related services described in the Meta Terms and Instagram Terms. Here's how:
Provide, personalize and improve our Products.
We use the information we have to deliver our Products, including to personalize features and content (including your ads, Facebook News Feed, Instagram Feed, and Instagram Stories) and make suggestions for you (such as groups or events you may be interested in or topics you may want to follow) on and off our Products. To create personalized Products that are unique and relevant to you, we use your connections, preferences, interests and activities based on the data we collect and learn from you and others (including any data with special protections you choose to provide); how you use and interact with our Products; and the people, places, or things you're connected to and interested in on and off our Products. Learn more about how we use information about you to personalize your Facebook and Instagram experience, including features, content and recommendations in Meta Products; you can also learn more about how we choose the ads that you see.
Information across Meta Products and devices: We connect information about your activities on different Meta Products and devices to provide a more tailored and consistent experience on all Meta Products you use, wherever you use them. For example, we can suggest that you join a group on Facebook that includes people you follow on Instagram or communicate with using Messenger. We can also make your experience more seamless, for example, by automatically filling in your registration information (such as your phone number) from one Meta Product when you sign up for an account on a different Product.
Location-related information: We use location-related information-such as your current location, where you live, the places you like to go, and the businesses and people you're near-to provide, personalize and improve our Products, including ads, for you and others. Location-related information can be based on things like precise device location (if you've allowed us to collect it), IP addresses, and information from your and others' use of Meta Products (such as check-ins or events you attend).
Product research and development: We use the information we have to develop, test and improve our Products, including by conducting surveys and research, and testing and troubleshooting new products and features.
Ads and other sponsored content: We use the information we have about you-including information about your interests, actions and connections-to select and personalize ads, offers and other sponsored content that we show you. Learn more about how we select and personalize ads, and your choices over the data we use to select ads and other sponsored content for you in the Facebook Settings and Instagram Settings.

Provide measurement, analytics, and other business services.
We use the information we have (including your activity off our Products, such as the websites you visit and ads you see) to help advertisers and other partners measure the effectiveness and distribution of their ads and services, and understand the types of people who use their services and how people interact with their websites, apps, and services. Learn how we share information with these partners.

Promote safety, integrity and security.
We use the information we have to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety and security on and off of Meta Products. For example, we use data we have to investigate suspicious activity or violations of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help. To learn more, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.

Communicate with you.
We use the information we have to send you marketing communications, communicate with you about our Products, and let you know about our policies and terms. We also use your information to respond to you when you contact us.

Research and innovate for social good.
We use the information we have (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being. For example, we analyze information we have about migration patterns during crises to aid relief efforts. Learn more about our research programs.


III. How is this information shared?
Your information is shared with others in the following ways:
Sharing on Meta Products
People and accounts you share and communicate with
When you share and communicate using our Products, you choose the audience for what you share. For example, when you post on Facebook, you select the audience for the post, such as a group, all of your friends, the public, or a customized list of people. Similarly, when you use Messenger or Instagram to communicate with people or businesses, those people and businesses can see the content you send. Your network can also see actions you have taken on our Products, including engagement with ads and sponsored content. We also let other accounts see who has viewed their Facebook or Instagram Stories.
Public information can be seen by anyone, on or off our Products, including if they don't have an account. This includes your Instagram username; any information you share with a public audience; information in your public profile on Facebook; and content you share on a Facebook Page, public Instagram account or any other public forum, such as Facebook Marketplace. You, other people using Facebook and Instagram, and we can provide access to or send public information to anyone on or off our Products, including in other Meta Company Products, in search results, or through tools and APIs. Public information can also be seen, accessed, reshared or downloaded through third-party services such as search engines, APIs, and offline media such as TV, and by apps, websites and other services that integrate with our Products.
Learn more about what information is public and how to control your visibility on Facebook and Instagram.
Content others share or reshare about you
You should consider who you choose to share with, because people who can see your activity on our Products can choose to share it with others on and off our Products, including people and businesses outside the audience you shared with. For example, when you share a post or send a message to specific friends or accounts, they can download, screenshot, or reshare that content to others across or off our Products, in person or in virtual reality experiences such as Facebook Spaces. Also, when you comment on someone else's post or react to their content, your comment or reaction is visible to anyone who can see the other person's content, and that person can change the audience later.
People can also use our Products to create and share content about you with the audience they choose. For example, people can share a photo of you in a Story, mention or tag you at a location in a post, or share information about you in their posts or messages. If you are uncomfortable with what others have shared about you on our Products, you can learn how to report the content.
Information about your active status or presence on our Products.
People in your networks can see signals telling them whether you are active on our Products, including whether you are currently active on Instagram, Messenger or Facebook, or when you last used our Products.
Apps, websites, and third-party integrations on or using our Products.
When you choose to use third-party apps, websites, or other services that use, or are integrated with, our Products, they can receive information about what you post or share. For example, when you play a game with your Facebook friends or use a Facebook Comment or Share button on a website, the game developer or website can receive information about your activities in the game or receive a comment or link that you share from the website on Facebook. Also, when you download or use such third-party services, they can access your public profile on Facebook, and any information that you share with them. Apps and websites you use may receive your list of Facebook friends if you choose to share it with them. But apps and websites you use will not be able to receive any other information about your Facebook friends from you, or information about any of your Instagram followers (although your friends and followers may, of course, choose to share this information themselves). Information collected by these third-party services is subject to their own terms and policies, not this one.
Devices and operating systems providing native versions of Facebook and Instagram (i.e. where we have not developed our own first-party apps) will have access to all information you choose to share with them, including information your friends share with you, so they can provide our core functionality to you.
Note: We are in the process of restricting developers’ data access even further to help prevent abuse. For example, we will remove developers' access to your Facebook and Instagram data if you haven't used their app in 3 months, and we are changing Login, so that in the next version, we will reduce the data that an app can request without app review to include only name, Instagram username and bio, profile photo and email address. Requesting any other data will require our approval.
New owner.
If the ownership or control of all or part of our Products or their assets changes, we may transfer your information to the new owner.

Sharing with Third-Party Partners
We work with third-party partners who help us provide and improve our Products or who use Meta Business Tools to grow their businesses, which makes it possible to operate our companies and provide free services to people around the world. We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also impose strict restrictions on how our partners can use and disclose the data we provide. Here are the types of third parties we share information with:
Partners who use our analytics services.
We provide aggregated statistics and insights that help people and businesses understand how people are engaging with their posts, listings, Facebook Pages, videos and other content on and off the Meta Products. For example, Facebook Page admins and Instagram business profiles receive information about the number of people or accounts who viewed, reacted to, or commented on their posts, as well as aggregate demographic and other information that helps them understand interactions with their account or Facebook Page.
Advertisers.
We provide advertisers with reports about the kinds of people seeing their ads and how their ads are performing, but we don't share information that personally identifies you (information such as your name or email address that by itself can be used to contact you or identifies who you are) unless you give us permission. For example, we provide general demographic and interest information to advertisers (for example, that an ad was seen by a woman between the ages of 25 and 34 who lives in Madrid and likes software engineering) to help them better understand their audience. We also confirm which ads led you to make a purchase or take an action with an advertiser.
Measurement partners.
We share information about you with companies that aggregate it to provide analytics and measurement reports to our partners.
Partners offering goods and services in our Products.
When you subscribe to receive premium content, or buy something from a seller in our Products, the content creator or seller can receive your public information and other information you share with them, as well as the information needed to complete the transaction, including shipping and contact details.
Vendors and service providers.
We provide information and content to vendors and service providers who support our business, such as by providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Products are used, providing customer service, facilitating payments or conducting surveys.
Researchers and academics.
We also provide information and content to research partners and academics to conduct research that advances scholarship and innovation that support our business or mission, and enhances discovery and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
Law enforcement or legal requests.
We share information with law enforcement or in response to legal requests in the circumstances outlined below.
Learn more about how you can control the information about you that you or others share with third-party partners in the Facebook Settings and Instagram Settings.


IV. How do the Meta Companies work together?
Facebook and Instagram share infrastructure, systems and technology with other Meta Companies (which include WhatsApp and Oculus) to provide an innovative, relevant, consistent and safe experience across all Meta Company Products you use. We also process information about you across the Meta Companies for these purposes, as permitted by applicable law and in accordance with their terms and policies. For example, we process information from WhatsApp about accounts sending spam on its service so we can take appropriate action against those accounts on Facebook, Instagram or Messenger. We also work to understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products, such as understanding the number of unique users on different Meta Company Products.


V. How can I manage or delete information about me?
We provide you with the ability to access, rectify, port and erase your data. Learn more in your Facebook Settings and Instagram Settings.
We store data until it is no longer necessary to provide our services and Meta Products, or until your account is deleted - whichever comes first. This is a case-by-case determination that depends on things like the nature of the data, why it is collected and processed, and relevant legal or operational retention needs. For example, when you search for something on Facebook, you can access and delete that query from within your search history at any time, but the log of that search is deleted after 6 months. If you submit a copy of your government-issued ID for account verification purposes, we delete that copy 30 days after review, unless otherwise stated. Learn more about deletion of content you have shared and cookie data obtained through social plugins.
When you delete your account, we delete things you have posted, such as your photos and status updates, and you won't be able to recover that information later. Information that others have shared about you isn't part of your account and won't be deleted. If you don't want to delete your account but want to temporarily stop using the Products, you can deactivate your account instead. To delete your account at any time, please visit the Facebook Settings and Instagram Settings.


VI. How do we respond to legal requests or prevent harm?
We access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others:
In response to a legal request (like a search warrant, court order or subpoena) if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so. This may include responding to legal requests from jurisdictions outside of the United States when we have a good-faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards.
When we have a good-faith belief it is necessary to: detect, prevent and address fraud, unauthorized use of the Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, property or Products), you or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory inquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm. For example, if relevant, we provide information to and receive information from third-party partners about the reliability of your account to prevent fraud, abuse and other harmful activity on and off our Products.
Information we receive about you (including financial transaction data related to purchases made on our Products) can be accessed and preserved for an extended period when it is the subject of a legal request or obligation, governmental investigation, or investigations of possible violations of our terms or policies, or otherwise to prevent harm. We also retain information from accounts disabled for terms violations for at least a year to prevent repeat abuse or other term violations.


VII. How do we operate and transfer data as part of our global services?
We share information globally, both internally within the Meta Companies, and externally with our partners and with those you connect and share with around the world in accordance with this policy. Your information may, for example, be transferred or transmitted to, or stored and processed in the United States or other countries outside of where you live for the purposes as described in this policy. These data transfers are necessary to provide the services set forth in the Meta Terms and Instagram Terms and to globally operate and provide our Products to you. We utilize standard contract clauses, rely on the European Commission's adequacy decisions about certain countries, as applicable, and obtain your consent for these data transfers to the United States and other countries.


VIII. How will we notify you of changes to this policy?
We'll notify you before we make changes to this policy and give you the opportunity to review the revised policy before you choose to continue using our Products.


IX. How to contact us with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on Facebook and on Instagram. If you have questions about this policy, you can contact us as described below.
You can contact us online or by mail at:

Meta Platforms, Inc.
ATTN: Privacy Operations
1601 Willow Road
Menlo Park, CA 94025

Privacy Notice for California Residents
If you are a California resident, you can learn more about your consumer privacy rights by reviewing the California Privacy Notice.

Date of Last Revision: January 4, 2022
Welcome! We’re so happy you’re here, and we can't wait to deliver you food happiness, but before you use our Platform, please read this Privacy Policy carefully.

This Privacy Policy explains how Grubhub Holdings Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“Grubhub”, “we”, “us” or “our”) collect, use, disclose, and otherwise process personal information in connection with our Platform and Services. Our Platform includes: (i) our websites, including related subdomains, (ii) our mobile, tablet and other smart device applications, (iii) application program interfaces, (iv) in-store kiosks and other online services, and (v) any other tools, technology and programs now or in the future; in each case, that reference this Privacy Policy. “Services” includes all services associated with the Platform.

This Privacy Policy does not cover or address: the privacy practices of Merchants available on our Platform, including their authorized licensees and franchisees; services provided to Merchants, including by our affiliate SCVNGR, Inc. d/b/a LevelUp (“LevelUp”) (where the data processing is performed on behalf of the Merchants); or our privacy practices relating to the personal information of job applicants, employees, Delivery Partners and other personnel. For the LevelUp privacy policy, go here, and for the Delivery Partner privacy policy, go here.

If you see any undefined term in this Privacy Policy, it has the definition specified in our Terms of Use.

By accessing or using the Platform and/or Services, you agree that you have read, understood and agree to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use.

1. Personal Information We Collect
1.1. Data provided directly by you

Contact and profile information. When you create an Account, complete your Account profile, sign up for a mailing list, or otherwise communicate or interact with us (whether or not through an Account), we may collect information from you, such as your name, phone number, e-mail address, and physical address. We use this contact and profile information to: (i) create and personalize your Account; (ii) communicate with you directly about the Services as well as answer any questions, issues or concerns you or other users may have, (iii) fulfill your order, and (iv) send you marketing communications in accordance with your preferences.

Payment information. When you submit an order or join GH+, you are required to provide payment information, such as your credit card, debit card or gift card details. For corporate Accounts that are used for business purposes, we may also have corporate credit card numbers or other payment account numbers. We use this payment information to fulfill your order, complete the transaction, and detect and prevent fraud.

Transaction information. When you submit an order, we collect information, including the items purchased, the date and time of your transaction, any special instructions, and any points you accrue or rewards or promotions you redeem as part of a loyalty or rewards program. We use this transaction information to fulfill your order, update your rewards, detect and prevent fraud, personalize your experience, perform analytics/identify usage trends, and inform our advertising and marketing.

Communications, Participation and other content. We maintain all communications (including email, phone, mail and chat) resulting from your interactions with us or with Delivery Partners. We also record comments and opinions you express when responding to surveys, entering a sweepstakes or taking part in promotions we run. We use all of the foregoing communications to address your questions, issues and concerns and provide other related customer support services, for safety and security purposes, to improve our Services, and for analytics. We also maintain your Ratings and Reviews regarding Merchants on the Platform and/or Services, which we may post for the benefit of all of our users.

Other information you provide. With your permission, we may access your photos or contact list from your mobile device, Facebook Messenger account or email account to enable you to share content or promotions or invite your friends to connect with our Platform and/or Services, including through our friend referral program. If you are ordering an alcoholic beverage, our Delivery Partners may collect the information contained on your government-issued identification card for age verification purposes in order to complete the delivery.

We may also use aggregate personal information for regulatory compliance, industry and market analysis, research, demographic profiling, marketing and advertising, and other business purposes, as long as the end-product does not uniquely identify you or any other user of the Platform and/or Services.

1.2. Personal Information Generated and/or Automatically Collected during your use of the Platform and/or Services

Information about your device and its software. Information about your device and its software includes your IP address, browser type, internet service provider, device type/model/manufacturer, operating system, date and time stamp, and a unique ID that allows us to identify your browser, mobile device, or your Account (including, for example, a persistent device identifier or an Ad ID), and other similar information. We may also work with third-party partners to employ technologies, including statistical modeling tools, that permit us to recognize and contact you across multiple devices. We use this device and software information to diagnose and fix technology problems, serve you personalized advertising, personalize your experience, perform analytics/identify usage trends, and improve our products, Platform and/or Services.

Information about the way you access and use our Services. Information about the way you access and use our Services includes the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave. In addition, we track the pages you visit on the Platform, the links you click on the Platform, whether you open emails or click the links contained in emails that we send, other actions you take on the Services, and whether you access the Services from multiple devices. We may use third-party analytics tools to record your mouse movements, scrolling, and click activity on our Services to understand how our users engage with our Services and to monitor and improve our online offerings. We may also use the information about the way you access and use our Services to determine products and services that may be of interest to you, to improve our products and Services, to evaluate the success of our advertising and marketing campaigns, and to send you marketing communications.

Analytics information. We may collect analytics data or use third-party analytics tools such as Google Analytics to help us measure traffic and usage trends and the demographics of our users in order to improve our Platform and/or Services. You can learn more about Google's practices at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners.

Location Information. In some cases, you provide your location information to us directly (e.g. when you provide us with a delivery address). In other cases, we may collect your location through GPS, WiFi, wireless network triangulation or other methods, or we may otherwise infer your location based on other information we collect. (For example, we can approximate your location by your IP Address.) We use location information to customize content on our Platform and/or Services (e.g., show you the Merchants that will deliver to your location and show you relevant Perks), facilitate order and delivery Services, detect and prevent fraud, and measure traffic and analytics on the Platform and/or Services. If you have previously opted into Grubhub’s collection and use of location-based information through our mobile application, we may collect and store the precise location of your device when the app is running in the foreground or background of your device. You may opt-out by adjusting the settings on your mobile device. We also use the Google Maps API to gather information about your location. Google uses various technologies to determine your location, including IP address, GPS and other sensors that may, for example, provide Google with information on nearby devices, WiFi access points and cell towers (see the Google privacy policy and the Google Maps terms of service to learn more).

We typically collect the foregoing generated and/or automatically collected information through a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies, Flash objects, web beacons, embedded scripts, mobile SDKs, location-identifying technologies, and similar technology (collectively, “tracking technologies”), and we may use third-party partners or services to assist with this effort. Information we collect automatically about you or your device may be combined with other personal information we collect directly. For information about our and our third-party partners’ use of cookies and related technologies to collect information automatically, and choices you may have in relation to its collection, please see our "About Our Ads" policy.

We, or the third-party partners we use, may use the data collected automatically through tracking technologies to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Platform and/or Services; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information; (c) identify and contact you across multiple devices; (d) provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Platform and/or Services; (e) perform analytics and detect usage patterns on our Platform and/or Services; (f) diagnose or fix technology problems; (g) detect or prevent fraud or other harmful activities, and (h) otherwise plan for and enhance our Platform and/or Services and for other internal purposes.

1.3. Data from other sources

Information from other Account holders. We may receive personal information about you from Grubhub Account holders. For example, when using the group order feature, a Grubhub Account holder can invite other users (“Group Order Users”) to add to an order using the Grubhub Account holder’s own account. As a result, the Grubhub Account holder will provide information on the Group Order Users to Grubhub.

Information we receive from third-party sites you connect to our Services. We may receive personal information about you from third parties and combine that with information we collect through our Platform and Services. For example, we may obtain information when you login through a third-party social network or authentication service, such as Facebook or Google. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us, which could include your name, email address, address book and contacts, or other information. Similarly, when you interact with us through a social media site or third-party service, such as when you like, follow or share Grubhub content on Facebook, Twitter, or other sites, we may receive information that you permit the social network to share with third parties. The data we receive from these third-party sites is dependent upon that third party’s policies and your privacy settings on that third-party site.

Information we receive from affiliates or third parties. From time to time, we may receive information about you from third parties, including without limitation: our Merchant partners, other Grubhub entities and affiliates, co-marketing partners and service providers, as well as in connection with our enterprise programs. For example, if your company, university, or organization participates in one of our enterprise programs, we may receive your information from that participating organization for the purpose of setting up your Accounts or for billing purposes. We may receive additional information about you, such as fraud detection information, from third-party partners and combine it with other information that we have about you. We use this information from affiliates or third parties to create your Accounts, to contact you, to send you advertising or promotional materials or to personalize our Platform and Services, to protect against bot attacks and account takeovers, and to better understand the demographics of our users.

We do not control, supervise, or respond to how third parties providing your information process your personal information. Therefore, any information request regarding the disclosure of your personal information to us should be directed to such third parties.

2. How We Use Your Personal Information
In addition to the uses described above, we may collect and use personal information to:

2.1. Provide, maintain, improve and develop the Platform and Services. We may use the personal information to provide, maintain, improve and develop the Platform and Services. For example, we:

Enable you to create Accounts or otherwise access and use the Platform and Services (e.g., remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit),
Fulfill your requests and process payments (e.g., to allow you to order food from Merchants and have it delivered to you, or to provide you with information that you request),
Provide custom, personalized content and information (e.g., “most popular near you” and “since you enjoy” features),
Perform analytics, detect activity patterns on our Platform and Services, and otherwise research usage, and
Test and develop new features and functionality and otherwise enhance the Platform and Services.
2.2. Maintain the safety, stability and security of our Platform and Services. We may use the personal information to maintain the safety and security of our Platform and Services. For example, we:

Detect or prevent fraud, abuse, or other harmful activities,
Diagnose or fix technology problems,
Conduct security investigations and risk assessments, and
Improve and enforce our security measures.
2.3. Communications with you to provide support and other important messages. We may use personal information to communicate important messages to you and/or to provide you with support. For example, we might send you service-related emails or messages (e.g., user Account verification, changes or updates to features of the Platform or Services, technical and security notices) and other communications from or about Grubhub.

2.4. Provide, personalize, measure and improve our advertising and marketing. We may use personal information to provide, personalize, measure, and improve our advertising and marketing. For example, we may:

Administer rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests, or other promotional activities or events sponsored or managed by Grubhub or its third-party partners,
Inform you of products, programs, services, and promotions that we believe may be of interest to you, including, without limitation, through emails and push notifications,
Permit you to refer us to your friends so that we may send them a promotional offer through the Platform or Services. If you wish to use this feature, you may be required to provide us with, and we may use, your friend's name, email address, and other information you share with us. By using this functionality, you affirm that you are entitled to use and provide us with your friend's name and email address for this purpose. We will use that information to send an email inviting the friend to visit the Platform and for any other purposes disclosed at the time of your participation in the program,
Determine the effectiveness of our Platform, Services and our promotional campaigns, and
Identify and contact you across multiple devices.
2.5. Legal and regulatory requirements and proceedings. We may use the personal information in connection with legal and regulatory proceedings and requirements. For example, we may need the personal information to enforce our corporate reporting obligations, or to comply with applicable laws.

2.6. Enforce our rights. When you access or use our Platform or Services, you are bound by our Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy. To ensure you comply with them, we may use your personal information to monitor, investigate, prevent, and/or mitigate violations of our Terms of Use as well as enforce our agreements with third parties and business partners.

2.7. Other purposes disclosed at the time of collection. From time to time, we may use personal information for a specific purpose not contemplated by this Privacy Policy. In such an event, we will specifically disclose that use to you.

3. Our Sharing and Disclosure of Personal Information
We disclose personal information to the following types of third parties:

3.1. Merchant Sharing. We disclose personal information to the Merchants you order from and third parties engaged by those Merchants (e.g., point of sale providers or their own delivery personnel), as needed to fulfill your orders (including communicating with you about the status of your order or cancelled items). If you make a purchase from a Merchant that offers loyalty or rewards programs through our Platform and Services, we may disclose your personal information to the Merchant as needed to facilitate your participation in the Merchant’s loyalty or rewards programs, including to track points and redemptions. In some cases, you may also affirmatively opt in on the Platform or Services to share your information directly with the Merchant.

3.2. Other Third Parties necessary to complete your order or to enable your use of the Platform and Services. In addition to Merchants you order from, we disclose personal information to other third parties as needed to fulfill your orders, including, without limitation, delivery providers and payment processors. If you are a guest utilizing the group order feature, we also share your name and order information with the Grubhub Account holder who initiated the group order to complete the order.

3.3. Information provided to third parties in connection with our enterprise customers. If your company, university, or organization participates in one of our enterprise programs, we may share some of your information with that organization, including your name, student ID number, contact details, order history, and other information as required to enable use by you and the organization of such Services. If you are a campus user, we also share your information with food providers that operate restaurants and other food ordering and delivery services on your campus to facilitate your use of the Services and for such providers to send you personalized communications and marketing.

3.4. Service providers and contractors. We disclose personal information to third parties that provide services for us or on our behalf, such as website hosting, data analysis, infrastructure provisioning, IT services, customer service, email delivery services, fraud detection, security monitoring, advertising and marketing, and other similar services.

3.5. Analytics providers. We share personal information with third-party analytics providers to better understand the demographics of our users and visitors, and to personalize, enhance and improve our Platform and Services.

3.6. Advertising, Marketing, and Promotions providers. We share personal information with third parties in connection with co-marketing activities, the development of customized and targeted marketing campaigns, to launch promotions and for other similar advertising efforts. For example:

Promotional partners. We disclose personal information to third-party sponsors of promotions to provide contests, sweepstakes, joint promotional activities, or co-branded services when such disclosure is necessary to fulfil your request or application. You should carefully review the rules and/or terms of each promotion in which you participate, as the promotion may contain additional important information about our, a sponsor's, and/or other third parties' use of your personal information. To the extent that the rules or terms of those promotions concerning the treatment of your personal information conflict with this Privacy Policy, the rules of those promotions will control.
Ad networks and advertising partners. We work with third-party Ad Networks and Advertising Partners to deliver advertising and personalized content to you on our Platform and Services, on other sites and services you may use, and across other devices and advertising channels you may use. These parties may collect information directly from your browser or device when you visit the Platform through cookies or other tracking technologies. This collected information is used to provide and inform targeted advertising, as well as to provide advertising-related services such as reporting, attribution, analytics and market research. Please see our About Our Ads policy.
Social networks. We disclose personal information, such as a unique identifier, hashed email address, or information automatically collected through tracking technologies, to social networks for the purpose of displaying personalized advertising and content on those social networks.
Select restaurants and brands. We may disclose personal information to select restaurants and brands from which you have placed orders through the Platform as well as their affiliates and third-party service providers. These restaurants, brands, and their affiliates, may use your information as permitted by their own privacy policies, which could include sending you marketing communications and other promotional content.
Campus Food Providers. For campus users only, we disclose personal information to select food providers that operate restaurants and other food ordering and delivery services on your campus so that they can communicate directly with you and send you personalized communications and marketing.
3.7. Affiliate Sharing. We share your personal information with other companies owned or controlled by Grubhub Holdings Inc., and other companies owned by or under common ownership as Grubhub Holdings Inc., which also includes our subsidiaries (i.e., any organization we own or control) or our ultimate holding company (i.e., any organization that owns or controls us) and any subsidiaries it owns, for operational or business purposes or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.

3.8. Public. We make available through the Platform and Services certain features which may enable you to post information and materials, for example, Ratings and Reviews, photo uploads, and chat functionality. Please note that any information you provide in connection with such Services may be available to site visitors and to the general public. We urge you to exercise discretion and caution when deciding to disclose information and/or materials in these public or interactive areas on the Services, and in no event should you disclose your personal information in these public or interactive areas on the Platform or Services.

3.9. Business Transaction or Reorganization. We may take part in or be involved with a corporate business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, or financing or sale of all or a portion of company assets. We may disclose personal information to a third party during negotiation of, in connection with, or as an asset in such a corporate business transaction. Personal information may also be disclosed in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.

3.10. Legal Obligations and Rights. We may disclose personal information to third parties, such as legal advisors and law enforcement, as required by law or subpoena or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (b) enforce our Terms of Use or to protect the security or integrity of our Platform and Services; (c) detect, suppress, or prevent fraud or reduce credit risk and collect debts owed to us; and/or (d) exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Grubhub, our visitors, or others.

3.11. Consent. We may disclose personal information about you to other third parties with your consent.

4. Control Over Your Personal Information
Profile Settings. You may update your profile information in the “Your Account” section of the Services.

Access to your Device Information and Push Notifications. You may control access to your device information or opt out of push notifications through the “Settings” app on your device. For instance, you can withdraw permission for the app to access your location data through your device settings, though we may continue to approximate your location based on your IP address or through other means.

How to control your communications preferences. You can stop receiving promotional email communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe link” provided in such communications. You may not opt out of service-related communications (e.g., Account verification, transactional communications, changes/updates to features of the services, technical and security notices). You may also unsubscribe from receiving certain order-related text (SMS) or multimedia (MMS) messages by replying "STOP" to the number sending the message. Please see our Terms of Use for more information on communications from or on behalf of Grubhub.

To learn more about how you may control your online advertising choices, please see our About Our Ads policy.

5. How We Store and Protect Your Information
Data storage and transfer. If you create an Account on the Platform as a visitor from outside the United States, by using and/or accessing the Platform or Services, you consent to the collection, transfer, storage, and processing of your information to and in the United States. If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction.

Keeping your information safe. We care about the security of your information and employ physical, administrative, and technological safeguards designed to preserve the integrity and security of all information collected through our Platform and Services. However, no security system is impenetrable and we cannot guarantee the security of our systems. Please recognize that protecting your personal information is also your responsibility. Accordingly, we strongly recommend that you change your passwords often, use a combination of letters and numbers, make sure you use a secure browser, and otherwise take precautions when communicating your personal information on the internet. If you know or have reason to believe that your Account credentials have been lost, stolen, misappropriated, or otherwise compromised or in case of any actual or suspected unauthorized use of your Account, please contact us following the instructions in the Contact Us section below.

6. Children’s Personal Information
Our websites and online Services are not directed to, and we do not intend to, or knowingly, collect or solicit personal information from children under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have inadvertently collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you have a basis for believing that we have any information from a child under 13, please contact us at privacy@grubhub.com.

7. Third-Party Websites
Our websites and online Services may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Except where we post, link to, or expressly adopt or refer to this Privacy Policy, this Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, any personal information practices of third-party websites and online services or the practices of other third parties. To learn about the personal information practices of third parties, please visit their respective privacy notices.

8. Region Specific Disclosures
We may choose or be required by law to provide different or additional disclosures relating to the processing of personal information about residents of certain countries, regions or states. Please refer below for disclosures that may be applicable to you:

California. If you are a resident of the State of California in the United States, please click here for additional California-specific privacy disclosures.
Nevada. If you are a resident of the State of Nevada, Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes permits a Nevada resident to opt-out of future sales of certain covered information that a website operator has collected or will collect. To submit such a request, please contact us at privacy@grubhub.com with the subject line “Nevada opt-out.”
9. Updates to This Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will change the "Effective" date at the beginning of this Privacy Policy. In addition to posting the updated Privacy Policy and “Effective” date, we may elect to provide additional notice to you of the updated Privacy Policy, such as by sending an email to you or providing a notice through the Platform and/or Services. All changes shall be effective from the date of publication unless otherwise provided. If you do not cancel your Account before the date the revised Privacy Policy becomes effective, your continued access to or use of the Platform and/or Services will be subject to the revised Privacy Policy.

10. Contact Us
If you have any questions or requests in connection with this Privacy Policy or other privacy-related matters, please send an email to privacy@grubhub.com.

Alternatively, inquiries may be addressed to:

Grubhub Holdings Inc. Attention: Privacy Team 5 Bryant Park, 15th Floor New York, NY 10018

Please note that email communications will not necessarily be secure; accordingly, please do not include credit card information and/or other sensitive personal information in your email correspondence with us.
GOOGLE PRIVACY POLICY
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.

This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.


Privacy Checkup

Looking to change your privacy settings?

Take the Privacy Checkup

Effective July 1, 2021 | Archived versions | Download PDF

We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:

Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web privately using Chrome in Incognito mode. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control what we collect and how your information is used.

To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for key terms. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us.


INFORMATION GOOGLE COLLECTS
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services

We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you’ll find most useful, the people who matter most to you online, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.

When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. This helps us do things like maintain your language preferences across browsing sessions.

When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as personal information.

Things you create or provide to us

When you create a Google Account, you provide us with personal information that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a phone number or payment information to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to receive updates about our services.

We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services. This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.

Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices

We collect information about the apps, browsers, and devices you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.

The information we collect includes unique identifiers, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including IP address, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and referrer URL of your request.

We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an Android device with Google apps, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your device type, carrier name, crash reports, and which apps you've installed.

Your activity

We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:

Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information when you use audio features
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account
If you use our services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.

You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.


Go to Google Account

Your location information

We collect information about your location when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions for your weekend getaway or showtimes for movies playing near you.

Your location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy by:

GPS
IP address
Sensor data from your device
Information about things near your device, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can turn your Android device’s location on or off using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on Location History if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices.

In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse. We also receive information from advertisers to provide advertising and research services on their behalf.

We use various technologies to collect and store information, including cookies, pixel tags, local storage, such as browser web storage or application data caches, databases, and server logs.


WHY GOOGLE COLLECTS DATA
We use data to build better services

We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:

Provide our services

We use your information to deliver our services, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.

Maintain & improve our services

We also use your information to ensure our services are working as intended, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to make improvements to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.

Develop new services

We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.

Provide personalized services, including content and ads

We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results. For example, Security Checkup provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.

Depending on your settings, we may also show you personalized ads based on your interests. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see an ad for sports equipment when you’re browsing a site that shows ads served by Google. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings.

We don’t show you personalized ads based on sensitive categories, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.

Go to Ad Settings

Measure performance

We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to link information about your activity from that site with activity from other sites that use our ad services.

Communicate with you

We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.

Protect Google, our users, and the public

We use information to help improve the safety and reliability of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.

We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use algorithms to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.

We may combine the information we collect among our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings, your activity on other sites and apps may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.

If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.

We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.


YOUR PRIVACY CONTROLS
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used

This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the Privacy Checkup, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our Product Privacy Guide.


Go to Privacy Checkup

Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.

We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your Google Account includes:

Privacy controls

Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, you can turn on Location History if you want traffic predictions for your daily commute, or you can save your YouTube Watch History to get better video suggestions.

Go to Activity Controls


Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.

Go to Ad Settings


About you
Control what others see about you across Google services.

Go to About You


Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.

Go to Shared Endorsements

Ways to review & update your information

My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.

Go to My Activity


Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.

Go to Dashboard


Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.

Go to Personal Info

When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:

Signed-out search personalization: Choose whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your YouTube Search History and your YouTube Watch History.
Ad Settings: Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.


Export your data

You can also request to remove content from specific Google services based on applicable law.

To delete your information, you can:

Delete your content from specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity
Delete specific Google products, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account

Delete your information

And finally, Inactive Account Manager allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.

There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:

Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a cookie in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services rely on cookies to function properly, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can modify location settings on your Android device.

SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.

When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting.

When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:

With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you use Google Home to make a reservation through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any sensitive personal information.

With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your domain administrator and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:

Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our affiliates and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help us with customer support.

For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:

Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public as required or permitted by law.
We may share non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services. We also allow specific partners to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.

If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.


KEEPING YOUR INFORMATION SECURE
We build security into our services to protect your information

All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.

We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:

We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like Safe Browsing, Security Checkup, and 2 Step Verification to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.

EXPORTING & DELETING YOUR INFORMATION
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time

You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.


Export your data

To delete your information, you can:

Delete your content from specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity
Delete specific Google products, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account

Delete your information

RETAINING YOUR INFORMATION
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:

Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as the content you create or upload. You can also delete activity information saved in your account, or choose to have it deleted automatically after a set period of time.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as advertising data in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.

You can read more about Google’s data retention periods, including how long it takes us to delete your information.


COMPLIANCE & COOPERATION WITH REGULATORS
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.

Data transfers
We maintain servers around the world and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain legal frameworks relating to the transfer of data.

When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.

California requirements
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requires specific disclosures for California residents.

This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how Google handles your information:

We explain the categories of information Google collects and the sources of that information in Information Google collects.
We explain how Google uses information in Why Google collects data.
We explain when Google may share information in Sharing your information. Google does not sell your personal information.
The CCPA also provides the right to request information about how Google collects, uses, and discloses your personal information. And it gives you the right to access your information and request that Google delete that information. Finally, the CCPA provides the right to not be discriminated against for exercising your privacy rights.

We describe the choices you have to manage your privacy and data across Google’s services in Your privacy controls. You can exercise your rights by using these controls, which allow you to access, review, update and delete your information, as well as export and download a copy of it. When you use them, we’ll validate your request by verifying that you’re signed in to your Google Account. If you have questions or requests related to your rights under the CCPA, you (or your authorized agent) can also contact Google. You can also find more information on Google’s handling of CCPA requests.

The CCPA requires a description of data practices using specific categories. This table uses these categories to organize the information in this Privacy Policy.

Categories of personal information we collect
Identifiers such as your name, phone number, and address, as well as unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using.

Demographic information, such as your age, gender and language.

Commercial information such as your payment information and a history of purchases you make on Google’s services.

Biometric information if you choose to provide it, such as fingerprints in Google’s product development studies.

Internet, network, and other activity information such as your search terms; views and interactions with content and ads; Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account; information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity); and activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in My Activity.

Geolocation data, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings. Learn more about Google’s use of location information.

Audio, electronic, visual and similar information, such as voice and audio information when you use audio features.

Professional, employment, and education information, such as information you provide or that is maintained through an organization using Google services at which you study or work.

Other information you create or provide, such as the content you create, upload, or receive (like photos and videos or emails, docs and spreadsheets). Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.

Inferences drawn from the above, like your ads interest categories.

Business purposes for which information may be used or disclosed
Protecting against security threats, abuse, and illegal activity: Google uses and may disclose information to detect, prevent and respond to security incidents, and for protecting against other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity. For example, to protect our services, Google may receive or disclose information about IP addresses that malicious actors have compromised.

Auditing and measurement: Google uses information for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used, as well as to fulfill obligations to our partners like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. We may disclose non-personally identifiable information publicly and with these partners, including for auditing purposes.

Maintaining our services: Google uses information to ensure our services are working as intended, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting bugs and other issues that you report to us.

Research and development: Google uses information to improve our services and to develop new products, features and technologies that benefit our users and the public. For example, we use publicly available information to help train Google’s language models and build features like Google Translate.

Use of service providers: Google shares information with service providers to perform services on our behalf, in compliance with our Privacy Policy and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we may rely on service providers to help provide customer support.

Advertising: Google processes information, including online identifiers and information about your interactions with advertisements, to provide advertising. This keeps Google’s services and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings.

Legal reasons: Google also uses information to satisfy applicable laws or regulations, and discloses information in response to legal process or enforceable government requests, including to law enforcement. We provide information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report.

Parties with whom information may be shared
Other people with whom you choose to share your information, like docs or photos, and videos or comments on YouTube.

Third parties to whom you consent to sharing your information, such as services that integrate with Google’s services. You can review and manage third party apps and sites with access to data in your Google Account.

Service providers, trusted businesses or persons that process information on Google’s behalf, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.

Domain administrators, if you work or study at an organization that uses Google services.

Law enforcement or other third parties, for the legal reasons described in Sharing your information.

ABOUT THIS POLICY
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its affiliates, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.

This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:

The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may include Google services, be displayed to you in search results, or be linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to archived versions for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).

RELATED PRIVACY PRACTICES
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:

Chrome & the Chrome Operating System
Payments
Fiber
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the Google Cloud Privacy Notice.
What kinds of information do we collect?
To provide the Meta Products, we must process information about you. The types of information we collect depend on how you use our Products. You can learn how to access and delete information we collect by visiting the Facebook Settings and Instagram Settings.
Things you and others do and provide.
Information and content you provide. We collect the content, communications and other information you provide when you use our Products, including when you sign up for an account, create or share content, and message or communicate with others. This can include information in or about the content you provide (like metadata), such as the location of a photo or the date a file was created. It can also include what you see through features we provide, such as our camera, so we can do things like suggest masks and filters that you might like, or give you tips on using camera formats. Our systems automatically process content and communications you and others provide to analyze context and what's in them for the purposes described below. Learn more about how you can control who can see the things you share.
Data with special protections: You can choose to provide information in your Facebook profile fields or Life Events about your religious views, political views, who you are "interested in," or your health. This and other information (such as racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership) could be subject to special protections under the laws of your country.
Networks and connections. We collect information about the people, accounts, hashtags and Facebook groups, and Pages you are connected to and how you interact with them across our Products, such as people you communicate with the most or groups you are part of. We also collect contact information if you choose to upload, sync or import it from a device (such as an address book or call log or SMS log history), which we use for things like helping you and others find people you may know and for the other purposes listed below.
Your usage. We collect information about how you use our Products, such as the types of content you view or engage with; the features you use; the actions you take; the people or accounts you interact with; and the time, frequency and duration of your activities. For example, we log when you're using and have last used our Products, and what posts, videos and other content you view on our Products. We also collect information about how you use features like our camera.
Information about transactions made on our Products. If you use our Products for purchases or other financial transactions (such as when you make a purchase in a game or make a donation), we collect information about the purchase or transaction. This includes payment information, such as your credit or debit card number and other card information; other account and authentication information; and billing, shipping and contact details.
Things others do and information they provide about you. We also receive and analyze content, communications and information that other people provide when they use our Products. This can include information about you, such as when others share or comment on a photo of you, send a message to you, or upload, sync or import your contact information.
Device Information
As described below, we collect information from and about the computers, phones, connected TVs and other web-connected devices you use that integrate with our Products, and we combine this information across different devices you use. For example, we use information collected about your use of our Products on your phone to better personalize the content (including ads) or features you see when you use our Products on another device, such as your laptop or tablet, or to measure whether you took an action in response to an ad we showed you on your phone on a different device.

Information we obtain from these devices includes:

Device attributes: information such as the operating system, hardware and software versions, battery level, signal strength, available storage space, browser type, app and file names and types, and plugins.
Device operations: information about operations and behaviors performed on the device, such as whether a window is foregrounded or backgrounded, or mouse movements (which can help distinguish humans from bots).
Identifiers: unique identifiers, device IDs, and other identifiers, such as from games, apps or accounts you use, and Family Device IDs (or other identifiers unique to Meta Company Products associated with the same device or account).
Device signals: Bluetooth signals, and information about nearby Wi-Fi access points, beacons, and cell towers.
Data from device settings: information you allow us to receive through device settings you turn on, such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos.
Network and connections: information such as the name of your mobile operator or ISP, language, time zone, mobile phone number, IP address, connection speed and, in some cases, information about other devices that are nearby or on your network, so we can do things like help you stream a video from your phone to your TV.
Cookie data: data from cookies stored on your device, including cookie IDs and settings. Learn more about how we use cookies in the Facebook Cookies Policy and Instagram Cookies Policy.
Information from partners.
Advertisers, app developers, and publishers can send us information through Meta Business Tools they use, including our social plug-ins (such as the Like button), Facebook Login, our APIs and SDKs, or the Meta pixel. These partners provide information about your activities off of our Products—including information about your device, websites you visit, purchases you make, the ads you see, and how you use their services—whether or not you have an account or are logged into our Products. For example, a game developer could use our API to tell us what games you play, or a business could tell us about a purchase you made in its store. We also receive information about your online and offline actions and purchases from third-party data providers who have the rights to provide us with your information.

Partners receive your data when you visit or use their services or through third parties they work with. We require each of these partners to have lawful rights to collect, use and share your data before providing any data to us. Learn more about the types of partners we receive data from.

To learn more about how we use cookies in connection with Meta Business Tools, review the Facebook Cookies Policy and Instagram Cookies Policy.
Return to top
How do we use this information?
We use the information we have (subject to choices you make) as described below and to provide and support the Meta Products and related services described in the Meta Terms and Instagram Terms. Here's how:
Provide, personalize and improve our Products.
We use the information we have to deliver our Products, including to personalize features and content (including your ads, Facebook News Feed, Instagram Feed, and Instagram Stories) and make suggestions for you (such as groups or events you may be interested in or topics you may want to follow) on and off our Products. To create personalized Products that are unique and relevant to you, we use your connections, preferences, interests and activities based on the data we collect and learn from you and others (including any data with special protections you choose to provide); how you use and interact with our Products; and the people, places, or things you're connected to and interested in on and off our Products. Learn more about how we use information about you to personalize your Facebook and Instagram experience, including features, content and recommendations in Meta Products; you can also learn more about how we choose the ads that you see.
Information across Meta Products and devices: We connect information about your activities on different Meta Products and devices to provide a more tailored and consistent experience on all Meta Products you use, wherever you use them. For example, we can suggest that you join a group on Facebook that includes people you follow on Instagram or communicate with using Messenger. We can also make your experience more seamless, for example, by automatically filling in your registration information (such as your phone number) from one Meta Product when you sign up for an account on a different Product.
Location-related information: We use location-related information-such as your current location, where you live, the places you like to go, and the businesses and people you're near-to provide, personalize and improve our Products, including ads, for you and others. Location-related information can be based on things like precise device location (if you've allowed us to collect it), IP addresses, and information from your and others' use of Meta Products (such as check-ins or events you attend).
Product research and development: We use the information we have to develop, test and improve our Products, including by conducting surveys and research, and testing and troubleshooting new products and features.
Ads and other sponsored content: We use the information we have about you-including information about your interests, actions and connections-to select and personalize ads, offers and other sponsored content that we show you. Learn more about how we select and personalize ads, and your choices over the data we use to select ads and other sponsored content for you in the Facebook Settings and Instagram Settings.
Provide measurement, analytics, and other business services.
We use the information we have (including your activity off our Products, such as the websites you visit and ads you see) to help advertisers and other partners measure the effectiveness and distribution of their ads and services, and understand the types of people who use their services and how people interact with their websites, apps, and services. Learn how we share information with these partners.
Promote safety, integrity and security.
We use the information we have to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety and security on and off of Meta Products. For example, we use data we have to investigate suspicious activity or violations of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help. To learn more, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Communicate with you.
We use the information we have to send you marketing communications, communicate with you about our Products, and let you know about our policies and terms. We also use your information to respond to you when you contact us.
Research and innovate for social good.
We use the information we have (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being. For example, we analyze information we have about migration patterns during crises to aid relief efforts. Learn more about our research programs.
Return to top
How is this information shared?
Your information is shared with others in the following ways:

Sharing on Meta Products
People and accounts you share and communicate with
When you share and communicate using our Products, you choose the audience for what you share. For example, when you post on Facebook, you select the audience for the post, such as a group, all of your friends, the public, or a customized list of people. Similarly, when you use Messenger or Instagram to communicate with people or businesses, those people and businesses can see the content you send. Your network can also see actions you have taken on our Products, including engagement with ads and sponsored content. We also let other accounts see who has viewed their Facebook or Instagram Stories.

Public information can be seen by anyone, on or off our Products, including if they don't have an account. This includes your Instagram username; any information you share with a public audience; information in your public profile on Facebook; and content you share on a Facebook Page, public Instagram account or any other public forum, such as Facebook Marketplace. You, other people using Facebook and Instagram, and we can provide access to or send public information to anyone on or off our Products, including in other Meta Company Products, in search results, or through tools and APIs. Public information can also be seen, accessed, reshared or downloaded through third-party services such as search engines, APIs, and offline media such as TV, and by apps, websites and other services that integrate with our Products.

Learn more about what information is public and how to control your visibility on Facebook and Instagram.
Content others share or reshare about you
You should consider who you choose to share with, because people who can see your activity on our Products can choose to share it with others on and off our Products, including people and businesses outside the audience you shared with. For example, when you share a post or send a message to specific friends or accounts, they can download, screenshot, or reshare that content to others across or off our Products, in person or in virtual reality experiences such as Facebook Spaces. Also, when you comment on someone else's post or react to their content, your comment or reaction is visible to anyone who can see the other person's content, and that person can change the audience later.

People can also use our Products to create and share content about you with the audience they choose. For example, people can share a photo of you in a Story, mention or tag you at a location in a post, or share information about you in their posts or messages. If you are uncomfortable with what others have shared about you on our Products, you can learn how to report the content.
Information about your active status or presence on our Products.
People in your networks can see signals telling them whether you are active on our Products, including whether you are currently active on Instagram, Messenger or Facebook, or when you last used our Products.
Apps, websites, and third-party integrations on or using our Products.
When you choose to use third-party apps, websites, or other services that use, or are integrated with, our Products, they can receive information about what you post or share. For example, when you play a game with your Facebook friends or use a Facebook Comment or Share button on a website, the game developer or website can receive information about your activities in the game or receive a comment or link that you share from the website on Facebook. Also, when you download or use such third-party services, they can access your public profile on Facebook, and any information that you share with them. Apps and websites you use may receive your list of Facebook friends if you choose to share it with them. But apps and websites you use will not be able to receive any other information about your Facebook friends from you, or information about any of your Instagram followers (although your friends and followers may, of course, choose to share this information themselves). Information collected by these third-party services is subject to their own terms and policies, not this one.

Devices and operating systems providing native versions of Facebook and Instagram (i.e. where we have not developed our own first-party apps) will have access to all information you choose to share with them, including information your friends share with you, so they can provide our core functionality to you.

Note: We are in the process of restricting developers’ data access even further to help prevent abuse. For example, we will remove developers' access to your Facebook and Instagram data if you haven't used their app in 3 months, and we are changing Login, so that in the next version, we will reduce the data that an app can request without app review to include only name, Instagram username and bio, profile photo and email address. Requesting any other data will require our approval.
New owner.
If the ownership or control of all or part of our Products or their assets changes, we may transfer your information to the new owner.

Sharing with Third-Party Partners
We work with third-party partners who help us and improve our Products or who use Meta Business Tools to grow their businesses, which makes it possible to operate our companies and provide free services to people around the world. We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also impose strict restrictions on how our partners can use and disclose the data we provide. Here are the types of third parties we share information with:
Partners who use our analytics services.
We provide aggregated statistics and insights that help people and businesses understand how people are engaging with their posts, listings, Facebook Pages, videos and other content on and off the Meta Products. For example, Facebook Page admins and Instagram business profiles receive information about the number of people or accounts who viewed, reacted to, or commented on their posts, as well as aggregate demographic and other information that helps them understand interactions with their account or Facebook Page.
Advertisers.
We provide advertisers with reports about the kinds of people seeing their ads and how their ads are performing, but we don't share information that personally identifies you (information such as your name or email address that by itself can be used to contact you or identifies who you are) unless you give us permission. For example, we provide general demographic and interest information to advertisers (for example, that an ad was seen by a woman between the ages of 25 and 34 who lives in Madrid and likes software engineering) to help them better understand their audience. We also confirm which ads led you to make a purchase or take an action with an advertiser.
Measurement partners.
We share information about you with companies that aggregate it to provide analytics and measurement reports to our partners.
Partners offering goods and services in our Products.
When you subscribe to receive premium content, or buy something from a seller in our Products, the content creator or seller can receive your public information and other information you share with them, as well as the information needed to complete the transaction, including shipping and contact details.
Vendors and service providers.
We provide information and content to vendors and service providers who support our business, such as by providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Products are used, providing customer service, facilitating payments or conducting surveys.
Researchers and academics.
We also provide information and content to research partners and academics to conduct research that advances scholarship and innovation that support our business or mission, and enhances discovery and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
Law enforcement or legal requests.
We share information with law enforcement or in response to legal requests in the circumstances outlined below.
Learn more about how you can control the information about you that you or others share with third-party partners in the Facebook Settings and Instagram Settings.
Return to top
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Facebook and Instagram share infrastructure, systems and technology with other Meta Companies (which include WhatsApp and Oculus) to provide an innovative, relevant, consistent and safe experience across all Meta Company Products you use. We also process information about you across the Meta Companies for these purposes, as permitted by applicable law and in accordance with their terms and policies. For example, we process information from WhatsApp about accounts sending spam on its service so we can take appropriate action against those accounts on Facebook, Instagram or Messenger. We also work to understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products, such as understanding the number of unique users on different Meta Company Products.
Return to top
How can I manage or delete information about me?
We provide you with the ability to access, rectify, port and erase your data. Learn more in your Facebook Settings and Instagram Settings.

We store data until it is no longer necessary to provide our services and Meta Products, or until your account is deleted - whichever comes first. This is a case-by-case determination that depends on things like the nature of the data, why it is collected and processed, and relevant legal or operational retention needs. For example, when you search for something on Facebook, you can access and delete that query from within your search history at any time, but the log of that search is deleted after 6 months. If you submit a copy of your government-issued ID for account verification purposes, we delete that copy 30 days after review, unless otherwise stated. Learn more about deletion of content you have shared and cookie data obtained through social plugins.

When you delete your account, we delete things you have posted, such as your photos and status updates, and you won't be able to recover that information later. Information that others have shared about you isn't part of your account and won't be deleted. If you don't want to delete your account but want to temporarily stop using the Products, you can deactivate your account instead. To delete your account at any time, please visit the Facebook Settings and Instagram Settings.
Return to top
How do we respond to legal requests or prevent harm?
We access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others:
In response to a legal request (like a search warrant, court order or subpoena) if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so. This may include responding to legal requests from jurisdictions outside of the United States when we have a good-faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards.
When we have a good-faith belief it is necessary to: detect, prevent and address fraud, unauthorized use of the Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, property or Products), you or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory inquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm. For example, if relevant, we provide information to and receive information from third-party partners about the reliability of your account to prevent fraud, abuse and other harmful activity on and off our Products.
Information we receive about you (including financial transaction data related to purchases made on our Products) can be accessed and preserved for an extended period when it is the subject of a legal request or obligation, governmental investigation, or investigations of possible violations of our terms or policies, or otherwise to prevent harm. We also retain information from accounts disabled for terms violations for at least a year to prevent repeat abuse or other term violations.
Return to top
How do we operate and transfer data as part of our global services?
We share information globally, both internally within the Meta Companies, and externally with our partners and with those you connect and share with around the world in accordance with this policy. Your information may, for example, be transferred or transmitted to, or stored and processed in the United States or other countries outside of where you live for the purposes as described in this policy. These data transfers are necessary to provide the services set forth in the Meta Terms and Instagram Terms and to globally operate and provide our Products to you. We utilize standard contract clauses, rely on the European Commission's adequacy decisions about certain countries, as applicable, and obtain your consent for these data transfers to the United States and other countries.
Return to top
How will we notify you of changes to this policy?
We'll notify you before we make changes to this policy and give you the opportunity to review the revised policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
Return to top
Privacy notice for California residents
If you are a California resident, you can learn more about your consumer privacy rights by reviewing the California Privacy Notice.
Amazon.com Privacy Notice

Last updated: February 12, 2021. To see prior version, click here.

We know that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This Privacy Notice describes how Amazon.com and its affiliates (collectively "Amazon") collect and process your personal information through Amazon websites, devices, products, services, online and physical stores, and applications that reference this Privacy Notice (together "Amazon Services"). By using Amazon Services, you are consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Notice.

What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon Collect?
For What Purposes Does Amazon Use Your Personal Information?
What About Cookies and Other Identifiers?
Does Amazon Share Your Personal Information?
How Secure Is Information About Me?
What About Advertising?
What Information Can I Access?
What Choices Do I Have?
Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon Services?
EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield
California Consumer Privacy Act
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
Related Practices and Information
Examples of Information Collected
What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon Collect?
We collect your personal information in order to provide and continually improve our products and services.

Here are the types of personal information we collect:

Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you provide in relation to Amazon Services. Click here to see examples of what we collect. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our Amazon Services.
Automatic Information: We automatically collect and store certain types of information about your use of Amazon Services, including information about your interaction with content and services available through Amazon Services. Like many websites, we use "cookies" and other unique identifiers, and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser or device accesses Amazon Services and other content served by or on behalf of Amazon on other websites. Click here to see examples of what we collect.
Information from Other Sources: We might receive information about you from other sources, such as updated delivery and address information from our carriers, which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase more easily. Click here to see additional examples of the information we receive.
For What Purposes Does Amazon Use Your Personal Information?
We use your personal information to operate, provide, develop, and improve the products and services that we offer our customers. These purposes include:

Purchase and delivery of products and services. We use your personal information to take and handle orders, deliver products and services, process payments, and communicate with you about orders, products and services, and promotional offers.
Provide, troubleshoot, and improve Amazon Services. We use your personal information to provide functionality, analyze performance, fix errors, and improve the usability and effectiveness of the Amazon Services.
Recommendations and personalization. We use your personal information to recommend features, products, and services that might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalize your experience with Amazon Services.
Provide voice, image and camera services. When you use our voice, image and camera services, we use your voice input, images, videos, and other personal information to respond to your requests, provide the requested service to you, and improve our services. For more information about Alexa voice services , click here.
Comply with legal obligations. In certain cases, we collect and use your personal information to comply with laws. For instance, we collect from sellers information regarding place of establishment and bank account information for identity verification and other purposes.
Communicate with you. We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to Amazon Services via different channels (e.g., by phone, email, chat).
Advertising. We use your personal information to display interest-based ads for features, products, and services that might be of interest to you. We do not use information that personally identifies you to display interest-based ads. To learn more, please read our Interest-Based Ads notice.
Fraud Prevention and Credit Risks. We use personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, Amazon, and others. We may also use scoring methods to assess and manage credit risks.
What About Cookies and Other Identifiers?
To enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and to provide and improve Amazon Services, we use cookies and other identifiers. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our Cookies Notice.

Does Amazon Share Your Personal Information?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling our customers' personal information to others. We share customers' personal information only as described below and with subsidiaries Amazon.com, Inc. controls that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.

Transactions involving Third Parties: We make available to you services, products, applications, or skills provided by third parties for use on or through Amazon Services. For example, you can order products from third parties through our stores, download applications from third-party application providers from our App Store, and enable third-party skills through our Alexa services. We also offer services or sell product lines jointly with third-party businesses, such as co-branded credit cards. You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we share customers' personal information related to those transactions with that third party.
Third-Party Service Providers: We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders for products or services, delivering packages, sending postal mail and email, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing payments, transmitting content, scoring, assessing and managing credit risk, and providing customer service. These third-party service providers have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy other businesses or services. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that Amazon.com, Inc. or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Amazon and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Amazon, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when personal information about you might be shared with third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.

How Secure Is Information About Me?
We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind.

We work to protect the security of your personal information during transmission by using encryption protocols and software.
We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) when handling credit card data.
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage, and disclosure of customer personal information. Our security procedures mean that we may ask to verify your identity before we disclose personal information to you.
Our devices offer security features to protect them against unauthorized access and loss of data. You can control these features and configure them based on your needs. Click here for more information on how to manage the security settings of your device.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computers, devices, and applications. We recommend using a unique password for your Amazon account that is not used for other online accounts. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer. Click here for more information on how to sign off.
What About Advertising?
Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites: Amazon Services may include third-party advertising and links to other websites and apps. Third-party advertising partners may collect information about you when you interact with their content, advertising, and services. For more information about third-party advertising at Amazon, including interest-based ads, please read our Interest-Based Ads notice. To adjust your advertising preferences, please go to the Advertising Preferences page.
Use of Third-Party Advertising Services: We provide ad companies with information that allows them to serve you with more useful and relevant Amazon ads and to measure their effectiveness. We never share your name or other information that directly identifies you when we do this. Instead, we use an advertising identifier like a cookie or other device identifier. For example, if you have already downloaded one of our apps, we will share your advertising identifier and data about that event so that you will not be served an ad to download the app again. Some ad companies also use this information to serve you relevant ads from other advertisers. You can learn more about how to opt-out of interest-based advertising by going to the Advertising Preferences page.
What Information Can I Access?
You can access your information, including your name, address, payment options, profile information, Prime membership, household settings, and purchase history in the "Your Account" section of the website. Click here for a list of examples that you can access.

What Choices Do I Have?
If you have any questions as to how we collect and use your personal information, please contact our Customer Service. Many of our Amazon Services also include settings that provide you with options as to how your information is being used.

As described above, you can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of the Amazon Services.
You can add or update certain information on pages such as those referenced in What Information Can I Access?. When you update information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.
If you do not want to receive email or other communications from us, please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences. If you don't want to receive in-app notifications from us, please adjust your notification settings in the app or device.
If you do not want to see interest-based ads, please adjust your Advertising Preferences.
The Help feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to prevent your browser or device from accepting new cookies or other identifiers, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to block cookies altogether. Because cookies and identifiers allow you to take advantage of some essential features of Amazon Services, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart, proceed to Checkout, or use any Services that require you to Sign in. For more information about cookies and other identifiers, see our Cookies Notice.
If you want to browse our websites without linking the browsing history to your account, you may do so by logging out of your account here and blocking cookies on your browser.
You can manage the recommendations you receive in our store here, remove recommendations you don’t want to see here by selecting View All and Manage then selecting the Remove Items toggle that appears at the top of the page, and edit your browsing history here.
You will also be able to opt out of certain other types of data usage by updating your settings on the applicable Amazon website (e.g., in "Manage Your Content and Devices"), device, or application. For more information click here. Most non-Amazon devices also provide users with the ability to change device permissions (e.g., disable/access location services, contacts). For most devices, these controls are located in the device's settings menu. If you have questions about how to change your device permissions on devices manufactured by third parties, we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer.
If you are a seller, you can add or update certain information in Seller Central, update your account information by accessing your Seller Account Information, and adjust your email or other communications you receive from us by updating your Notification Preferences.
If you are an author, you can add or update the information you have provided in the Author Portal and Author Central by accessing your accounts in the Author Portal and Author Central, respectively.
In addition, to the extent required by applicable law, you may have the right to request access to or delete your personal information. If you wish to do any of these things, please contact Customer Service. Depending on your data choices, certain services may be limited or unavailable.

Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon Services?
Amazon does not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use Amazon Services only with the involvement of a parent or guardian. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 without the consent of the child's parent or guardian. For more information, please see our Children's Privacy Disclosure.

EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield
Amazon.com, Inc. participates in the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield frameworks. Click here to learn more.

California Consumer Privacy Act
Click here to read additional disclosures required under the California Consumer Privacy Act.

Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to use Amazon Services, your use and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use , including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Washington. If you have any concern about privacy at Amazon, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it. Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice will change also. You should check our websites frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.

Related Practices and Information
Conditions of Use
Seller Program Policies
Help Department
Most Recent Purchases
Your Profile and Community Guidelines
Examples of Information Collected
Information You Give Us When You Use Amazon Services

You provide information to us when you:

search or shop for products or services in our stores;
add or remove an item from your cart, or place an order through or use Amazon Services;
download, stream, view, or use content on a device or through a service or application on a device;
provide information in Your Account (and you might have more than one if you have used more than one email address or mobile number when shopping with us) or Your Profile ;
talk to or otherwise interact with our Alexa Voice service;
upload your contacts;
configure your settings on, provide data access permissions for, or interact with an Amazon device or service;
provide information in your Seller Account , Kindle Direct Publishing account , Developer account , or any other account we make available that allows you to develop or offer software, goods, or services to Amazon customers;
offer your products or services on or through Amazon Services;
communicate with us by phone, email, or otherwise;
complete a questionnaire, a support ticket, or a contest entry form;
upload or stream images, videos or other files to Prime Photos, Amazon Drive, or other Amazon Services;
use our services such as Prime Video;
compile Playlists, Watchlists, Wish Lists or other gift registries;
participate in Discussion Boards or other community features;
provide and rate Reviews;
specify a Special Occasion Reminder; or
employ Product Availability Alerts , such as Available to Order Notifications.
As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as:

identifying information such as your name, address, and phone numbers;
payment information;
your age;
your location information;
your IP address;
people, addresses and phone numbers listed in your Addresses;
email addresses of your friends and other people;
content of reviews and emails to us;
personal description and photograph in Your Profile;
voice recordings when you speak to Alexa;
images and videos collected or stored in connection with Amazon Services;
information and documents regarding identity, including Social Security and driver's license numbers;
corporate and financial information;
credit history information; and
device log files and configurations, including Wi-Fi credentials, if you choose to automatically synchronize them with your other Amazon devices.
Automatic Information

Examples of the information we collect and analyze include:

the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet;
login, email address, and password;
the location of your device or computer;
content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details, including duration and number of simultaneous streams and downloads, and network details for streaming and download quality, including information about your internet service provider;
device metrics such as when a device is in use, application usage, connectivity data, and any errors or event failures;
Amazon Services metrics (e.g., the occurrences of technical errors, your interactions with service features and content, your settings preferences and backup information, location of your device running an application, information about uploaded images and files such as the file name, dates, times and location of your images);
version and time zone settings;
purchase and content use history, which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers to create features like Top Sellers;
the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our websites, including date and time; products and content you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, and page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs);
phone numbers used to call our customer service number; and
images or videos when you shop in our stores, or stores using Amazon Services.
We may also use device identifiers, cookies, and other technologies on devices, applications, and our web pages to collect browsing, usage, or other technical information.

Information from Other Sources

Examples of information we receive from other sources include:

updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties, which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily;
account information, purchase or redemption information, and page-view information from some merchants with which we operate co-branded businesses or for which we provide technical, fulfillment, advertising, or other services;
information about your interactions with products and services offered by our subsidiaries;
search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links);
information about internet-connected devices and services linked with Alexa; and
credit history information from credit bureaus, which we use to help prevent and detect fraud and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers.
Information You Can Access

Examples of information you can access through Amazon Services include:

status of recent orders (including subscriptions);
your complete order history;
personally identifiable information (including name, email, password, and address book);
payment settings (including payment card information, promotional certificate and gift card balances, and 1-Click settings);
email notification settings (including Product Availability Alerts, Delivers, Special Occasion Reminders and newsletters);
recommendations and the products you recently viewed that are the basis for recommendations (including Recommended for You and Improve Your Recommendations);
shopping lists and gift registries (including Wish Lists and Baby and Wedding Registries);
your content, devices, services, and related settings, and communications and personalized advertising preferences;
content that you recently viewed;
voice recordings associated with your account;
Your Profile (including your product Reviews, Recommendations, Reminders and personal profile);
If you are a seller, you can access your account and other information, and adjust your communications preferences, by updating your account in Seller Central .
If you are an author, you can access your account and other information, and update your accounts, on the Kindle Direct Publishing (KDP) or Author Central website, as applicable.
If you are a developer participating in our Developer Services Program, you can access your account and other information, and adjust your communications preferences, by updating your accounts in the Developer Services Portal .
Welcome to the Yahoo Privacy Policy
Last updated: September 2021

About Yahoo
Yahoo, previously known as Verizon Media, is a technology and media company that provides a range of services. We serve our consumers, partners, advertisers and talent through our portfolio of digital platforms, products and services offered under our AOL, Yahoo and other brands.

We provide control tools to help you manage your experience with us. If you have an existing Yahoo or AOL account, you will need to agree to this Privacy Policy. If you have not yet agreed to this Privacy Policy, the legacy Yahoo Privacy Policy or legacy Oath Privacy Policy (for AOL) still apply to your account. For Yahoo products or services that are accessed without signing in to an account, this Privacy Policy applies to those products and services as of May 25, 2018. If you are creating a new account, the terms below apply starting today.

Except as set out elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, when we refer to ‘Yahoo’, it means Yahoo Inc., the US-established company that supplies the Services to you (and acts as data controller of the personal data Yahoo collects when you use those Services).
Our Privacy Pledge
Our commitment is to put users first. We strive to be transparent about how we collect and use your information, to keep your information secure and to provide you meaningful choices.

This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information Yahoo, its affiliates and its house of global brands (“Yahoo,” “us,” “our” or “we”) collect, why we collect it and what we do with it. This policy applies to Yahoo brands, websites, apps, advertising services, products, services or technologies (we’ll collectively refer to these as “Services”). Additional privacy practices for certain Services can be found in Details for Specific Products and Services.

Your Controls
We believe you should have tools to control your information. You can find controls to manage or review your account information, marketing preferences, location data, and search history at Privacy Controls. Some of our Services provide additional controls and privacy practices. (See, Details for Specific Products and Services)

Information Collection and Use - General
Certain categories of information collected by Yahoo are necessary to use our Services, such as the information you must provide when registering for some Services. We may collect and combine information when you interact with Yahoo Services information outlined below:

Information You Provide to Us. We may collect the information that you provide to us, such as:

When you create an account with a Yahoo Service or brand. (Please note, when you use our Services, we may recognize you or your devices even if you are not signed in to our Services.) Yahoo may use device IDs, cookies, and other signals, including information obtained from third parties, to associate accounts and/or devices with you.

When you use our Services to communicate with others or post, upload or store content (such as comments, photos, voice inputs, videos, emails, messaging services and attachments).

Yahoo analyzes and stores all communications content, including email content from incoming and outgoing mail. This allows us to deliver, personalize and develop relevant features, content, advertising and Services.

When you otherwise use our Services, such as title queries, watch history, page views, search queries, view the content we make available or install any Yahoo software such as plugins.

When you sign up for paid Services, use Services that require your financial information or complete transactions with us or our business partners, we may collect your payment and billing information.

Device Information. We collect information from your devices (computers, mobile phones, tablets, etc.), including information about how you interact with our Services and those of our third-party partners and information that allows us to recognize and associate your activity across devices and Services. This information includes device specific identifiers and information such as IP address, cookie information, mobile device and advertising identifiers, browser version, operating system type and version, mobile network information, device settings, and software data. We may recognize your devices to provide you with personalized experiences and advertising across the devices you use. 

Location Information. We collect location information from a variety of sources. You can learn more about and manage your location permissions on our Locations page and by visiting the location settings tool on your devices.

Information from Cookies and Other Technologies.

We collect information when you access content, advertising, sites, interactive widgets, applications, and other products (both on and off of our Services) where Yahoo data collection technologies (such as web beacons, development tools, cookies and other technologies, etc.) are present. These data collection technologies allow us to understand your activity on and off our Services and to collect and store information when you interact with Services we offer to partners.

This information also includes the kind of content or ads served, viewed or clicked on; the frequency and duration of your activities; the sites or apps you used before accessing our Services and where you went next; whether you engaged with specific content or ads; and whether you went on to visit an advertiser's website, downloaded an advertiser’s app, purchased a product or service advertised, or took other actions. 

Information from Others. We collect information about you when we receive it from other users, third-parties, and affiliates, such as: 

When you connect your account to third-party services or sign in using a third-party partner (like Facebook or Twitter).

From publicly-available sources.

From advertisers about your experiences or interactions with their offerings.

When we obtain information from third-parties or other companies, such as those that use our Services. This may include your activity on other sites and apps as well as information those third-parties provide to you or us. 

How We Use This Information
We are able to deliver, personalize, and improve our Services by combining and using the information we have about you (including information we receive on and off our Services) to understand how you use and interact with our Services and the people or things you’re connected to and interested in. We also may use the information we have about you for the following purposes: 

Provide, maintain, improve, and develop relevant features, content, and Services.

Analyze your content and other information (including emails, instant messages, posts photos, attachments, and other communications). You can review and control certain types of information tied to your Yahoo account by using Privacy Controls. 

Fulfill your requests and when authorized by you. 

Help advertisers and publishers connect to offer relevant advertising in their apps and websites.

Match and serve targeted advertising (across devices and both on and off of our Services) and provide targeted advertising based on your device activity, inferred interests and location information.

Contact you with information about your account or with marketing messages, which you can also control. 

Associate your activity across our Services and your different devices as well as associate any accounts you may use across Yahoo Services together. We may associate activity and accounts under a single user ID. 

Carry out or support promotions.

Conduct research and support innovation. 

Create analytics and reports for external parties, including partners, publishers, advertisers, apps, third-parties and the public regarding the use of and trends within our Services and ads, including showing trends to partners regarding general preferences, the effectiveness of ads and information on user experiences. These analytics and reports may include aggregate or pseudonymized information.

Provide location-based Services, advertising, search results, and other content consistent with your location settings.

Combine information we have about you with information we obtain from business partners or other companies, such as your activities on other sites and apps.

Detect and defend against fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful activity.

We provide you with controls to manage your experience with us. For example, you can review or edit your account information, manage your marketing preferences, or opt out of targeted ads. If you opt out, you will continue to see ads, but they may not be as relevant or useful to you. 

If you are located in the European Union or European Economic Area or in the UK (EU/EEA/UK), please see Section 10 “Our Legal Bases for Processing Information” for more information that applies to your use of our Services.
How We Share This Information
Yahoo shares information within its affiliated brands and companies. We also share information we have about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including to provide Services that you have requested (including when you connect with third-party apps and widgets). We do not sell, license or share information that individually identifies our customers with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Yahoo unless one of the following circumstances applies:

With Your Consent. We will share information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Yahoo when we have your consent. 

Within Yahoo. Information may also be shared within Yahoo, including with other Yahoo Services and affiliates. Yahoo affiliates may use the information in a manner consistent with their privacy policies.

With Partners. We may share your information with nonaffiliated companies who are:

Trusted Partners. We provide user information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Yahoo based on our directions and in compliance with appropriate confidentiality measures. Learn more. 

Advertising, Analytics and Business Partners (Limited to Non-Personally Identifiable Information). We may share aggregated or pseudonymous information (including demographic information) with partners, such as publishers, advertisers, measurement analytics, apps, or other companies. For example, we may tell an advertiser how its ads performed or report how many people installed an app after seeing a promotion. We do not share personally identifiable information (like phone number or email address) with these partners, such as publishers, advertisers, ad agencies, or analytics partners.

When you use third-party apps, websites or other products integrated with our Services, they may collect information about your activities subject to their own terms and privacy policies. 

We allow other companies that show advertisements on our webpages or apps to collect information from your browsers or devices. Other companies' use of cookies and other data collection technologies are subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. Like many companies, we may allow cookie matching with select partners. But, these parties are not authorized to access Yahoo cookies.

For Legal and Other Purposes. We may access, preserve and disclose information to investigate, prevent, or take action in connection with: (i) legal process and legal requests; (ii) enforcement of the Terms; (iii) claims that any content violates the rights of third-parties; (iv) requests for customer service; (v) technical issues; (vi) protecting the rights, property or personal safety of Yahoo, its users or the public; (vii) establishing or exercising our legal rights or defending against legal claims; or (viii) as otherwise required by law.

This may include responding to lawful governmental requests. Learn more about how we evaluate and respond to these requests. 

New Ownership. If the ownership or control of all or part of Yahoo or a specific Services changes as a result of a merger, acquisition or sale of assets, we may transfer your information to the new owner. 

Details for Specific Products and Services
Additional privacy practices for certain Yahoo Services are included here.

Information Security and Data Retention
Yahoo has technical, administrative and physical safeguards in place to help protect against unauthorized access, use or disclosure of customer information we collect or store. 

Yahoo will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide the applicable Yahoo Services to you. In some cases, Yahoo has certain business or legal requirements that result in an obligation to retain your personal information for an extended period of time. These obligations may include financial record keeping, ensuring continuity of our products or services, security, fraud, and abuse prevention, or compliance with our legal obligations. In some limited cases, we may keep data for longer than needed for the purposes set out in the Yahoo Privacy Dashboard, such as: (i) replicating or backing up certain data to “offline” storage for disaster recovery purposes; (ii) truncating, redacting or summarizing raw data, log files and database records into statistical aggregate data or probabilistic data structures to understand long term trends; (iii) maintaining de-identified data for varying periods for research, reporting and product testing or development (in these cases, unique identifiers and linkages to existing data about you are broken or removed so that this data is no longer associated with you, your browser, or device); or (iv) keeping and using certain data to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or enforce our agreements (for example, we might keep data associated with an account subject to litigation or a request from law enforcement). For specific information about your personal information or how your personal information is processed by a particular Yahoo product or service you may interact with, please log into the Yahoo Privacy Dashboard.

Protecting Children’s Privacy
Our Services are for a general audience. We do not knowingly collect, use, or share information that could reasonably be used to identify children under age 13 without prior parental consent or consistent with applicable law. With parental permission, a child under age 13 might have a Yahoo Family Account. Visit Children's Privacy & Family Accounts to learn more about children’s privacy at Yahoo.

Our Legal Bases for Processing Information. We mainly rely on three separate bases to lawfully process your information. First, we need to process your information in certain ways to provide our services to you, in accordance with our Terms of Service. This processing is necessary to perform the contract between you and us. Second, where you have given us consent to use your information in certain ways, we will rely on your consent. Third, in certain cases, we may process your information where necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of third parties, where those legitimate interests are not overridden by your rights or interests. Occasionally, Yahoo may rely on other legal bases to process your information, such as to protect a user’s vital interests (such as where there is a risk of imminent harm) or to comply with a legal obligation. Please see our Legal bases page for more information.

Data Processing and Transfers

When you use or interact with any of our Services, you consent to the data processing, sharing, transferring and uses of your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Regardless of the country where you reside, you authorize us to transfer, process, store and use your information in countries other than your own in accordance with this Privacy Policy and to provide you with Services. Some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as the country where you reside. 

Yahoo processes information related to individuals in the EU/EEA/UK and transfers that information from the EU/EEA/UK through various compliance mechanisms, including data processing agreements based on the European Commission’sA Standard Contractual Clauses. By using our Services, you consent to us transferring information about you to these countries. For more information, please visit our Data Transfer page.

The United States and other non-EU/EEA/UK countries have different laws on data protection and rules in relation to government access to information. If you are based in the EU/EEA/UK, when your data is moved from your home country to a third country outside the EU/EEA/UK, some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as your home country.

Other Important Information
This Privacy Policy Applies Only to Yahoo. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Yahoo does not own or control, or to people that Yahoo does not employ or manage. In addition, some affiliated products may have different privacy policies and practices that are not subject to this Privacy Policy. 

Changes
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so you should check it periodically. If we make changes that are material we will provide you with appropriate notice before such changes take effect.

Questions & Suggestions
If you have questions, suggestions, or wish to make a complaint, please complete a feedback form or you can contact us at:

Yahoo
Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues
701 First Avenue
Sunnyvale, CA 94089

If you wish to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can do so by post to: Attn: Data Protection Officer, Yahoo EMEA, 5-7 Point Square, North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, Ireland.

Our Article 27 Representative can be contacted by email at YahooGDPRrepresentative@mhc.ie, or by post at:

MHC GDPR Representative
Mason Hayes and Curran Professional Services Limited
South Bank House
Barrow Street
Dublin 4
Ireland

Recent Versions

May 2018 - update to privacy notice;

October 2019 - Oath to Verizon Media name change;

October 2020 - updates to data transfers and legal bases; and

September 2021 - updates to reflect name change; additional information added regarding data retention.
I. Introduction
When you use Uber, you trust us with your personal data. We’re committed to keeping that trust. That starts with helping you understand our privacy practices.

This notice describes the personal data we collect, how it’s used and shared, and your choices regarding this data. We recommend that you read this along with our privacy overview, which highlights key points about our privacy practices.

Download previous version

II. Overview
A. Scope
This notice applies to users of Uber’s services anywhere in the world, including users of Uber’s apps, websites, features, or other services.

This notice describes how Uber and its affiliates collect and use personal data. This notice applies to all users of our apps, websites, features, or other services anywhere in the world, unless covered by a separate privacy notice, such as the Uber Freight Privacy Notice or Careem Privacy Policy. This notice specifically applies to:

Riders: individuals who request or receive transportation, including those who receive transportation requested by another individual
Drivers: individuals who provide transportation to Riders individually or through partner transportation companies
Delivery recipients: individuals who request or receive food, or other products and services, including via Uber Eats, Postmates and Cornershop
Delivery persons: individuals who provide delivery services, including via Uber Eats, Postmates and Cornershop
This notice also governs Uber’s other collections of personal data in connection with its services. For example, we may collect the contact information of individuals who use accounts owned by Uber for Business customers, or of owners or employees of restaurants or other merchants; personal data of those who start but do not complete applications to be drivers or delivery persons; or other personal data in connection with our mapping technology and features.

All those subject to this notice are referred to as “users” in this notice.

In addition, please note the following:

For users in Argentina: The Public Information Access agency, in its role of Regulating Body of Law 25.326, is responsible for receiving complaints and reports presented by any data subjects who believe their rights have been impacted by a violation of the local data protection regulation.
For users in Brazil: Please see here for information regarding Uber’s privacy practices required under Brazil’s General Data Protection Law (Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados - LGPD).
For California users: Information regarding Uber’s privacy practices related to the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) is available here.
For users in Colombia: This notice also applies for the lessors and lessees. For the purposes of this notice, lessors will be considered drivers and lessees will be considered riders.  
For users in Mexico: Please see here for information regarding Uber’s privacy practices required under Mexico’s Mexican Personal Data Protection Law (Ley Federal de Protección de Datos Personales en Posesión de los Particulares).
For users in Nigeria: Uber does not process the personal data of users in Nigeria for purposes of the legitimate interests of Uber or other parties. Instead, Uber processes such personal data on the grounds that it is necessary to fulfill our obligations to users under our Terms of Use or other agreements with users, or based on users’ consent.
For users in South Korea: Please see here for information about Uber affiliate UT LLC's privacy practices.
For Guest Users: The personal data of those who order or receive trips or deliveries via partner websites or apps (such as when ordering from a restaurant or other merchant), or arranged by other account owners (collectively “Guest Users”) is used solely to provide such trips, deliveries, or other services requested through a third party, and for purposes of safety and security, customer support, research and development, enabling communication between users, and in connection with legal proceedings and requirements, each as described in “How we use personal data” below. Guest User personal data may be shared with third parties for these purposes. Such data may be associated with, and accessible by, the owner of that account. This specifically includes Guest Users who receive rides/deliveries ordered by owners of Uber Health, Uber Central, Uber Direct or Uber for Business accounts, or who receive rides or deliveries ordered by friends, family members or others. To submit questions, comments or complaints regarding Guest User data, or to submit requests regarding such data, please visit here.
Our practices are subject to applicable laws in the places in which we operate. This means that we engage in the practices described in this notice in a particular country or region only if permitted under the laws of those places. Please contact us here or through the addresses below with any questions regarding our practices in a particular country or region.

B. Data controller and transfer
Uber B.V. and Uber Technologies Inc. are the data controllers for the personal data collected in connection with use of Uber’s services in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom and Switzerland.

Uber Technologies Inc. is the data controller for the personal data collected in connection with use of Uber’s services everywhere else.

Uber B.V. (Mr. Treublaan 7, 1097 DP, Amsterdam, the Netherlands) and Uber Technologies Inc. (1515 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA, 94158, USA) are the data controllers for the personal data collected in connection with use of Uber’s services in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom and Switzerland. If you’re a driver in the UK, the Uber entity holding the relevant PHV operator license is a controller for complying with licensing requirements.

Uber Technologies Inc. is the data controller for the personal data collected in connection with use of Uber’s services everywhere else.

Uber operates, and processes personal data, globally. We may also transfer such data to countries other than the one where our users live or use Uber’s services. We do so in order to fulfill our agreements with users, such as our Terms of Use, or based on users’ prior consent, adequacy decisions for the relevant countries, or other transfer mechanisms as may be available under applicable law, such as the Standard Contractual Clauses.

Questions, comments, and complaints about Uber’s data practices can be submitted here. You may also use this form to submit a question to Uber’s Data Protection Officer.

III. Data collections and uses
A. The data we collect
Uber collects personal data: 

provided by users to Uber, such as during account creation
created during use of our services, such as location, app usage, and device data
from other sources, such as other users or account owners, business partners, vendors, insurance and financial solution providers, and governmental authorities
The following personal data is collected by or on behalf of Uber:

1. Data provided by users. This includes:

User profile: We collect data when users create or update their Uber accounts. This may include their name, email, phone number, login name and password, address, profile picture, payment or banking information (including related payment verification information), driver’s license and other government identification documents (which may indicate document numbers as well as birth date, gender, and photo). This also includes vehicle or insurance information of drivers and delivery persons, emergency contact information, user settings, and evidence of health or fitness to provide services using Uber apps.

This also includes gender and/or occupation (when required for certain Uber services or programs, such as Uber Cash or features that enable women to provide services or receive services to/from other women).

We may use the photos submitted by users to verify their identities, such as through facial verification technologies. For more information, please see the section titled “How we use personal data.”
Background check and identity verification: In order to verify drivers’ and delivery persons’ eligibility to provide services through the Uber apps, we may collect information such as driver history or criminal record (where permitted by law), license status, known aliases and prior addresses, and right to work. This information may be collected by an authorized vendor on Uber’s behalf.

We may also verify the identities of riders, or of delivery recipients who request alcohol delivery, including by collecting photographs of their government-issued identification.
Demographic data: We may collect demographic data about users, including through user surveys. In some countries, we may also receive demographic data about users from third parties.

We may also infer demographic data from other data collected from users. For example, where necessary to enable features that allow women to provide or receive services from other women, we may infer gender using their first name. In such cases, we enable users to change their gender if necessary via in-app settings.
User content: We collect the data submitted by users when they contact Uber customer support (including at Uber Greenlight Hubs, or via videoconferencing tools), provide ratings or compliments for other users, restaurants or merchants, or otherwise contact Uber. This may include feedback, photographs or other recordings collected by users, including audio or video recordings (such as from dashcams) submitted by users in connection with customer support. This also includes metadata relating to the method you use to communicate with Uber.
Travel information: We collect travel itinerary information, including the times and dates of upcoming flight, lodging or car rental reservations, from users of our Uber Travel feature. We collect such information: (i) when users manually input their information into an Uber Travel itinerary; or (2) if authorized by users to access their Gmail accounts, from traveled-related email confirmations. If so authorized, Uber will only access users’ Gmail accounts to collect travel itinerary information to enable the Uber Travel feature, and will adhere to Google’s API Services User Data Policy, including the limitations on use of data collected from users’ Gmail accounts.
2. Data created during use of our services. This includes: 

Location data (driver and delivery person): We collect drivers’ and delivery persons’ precise or approximate location data, including to enable rides and deliveries, to enable ride/delivery tracking and safety features, to prevent and detect fraud, and to satisfy legal requirements. Uber collects this data when the Uber app is running in the foreground (app open and on-screen) or background (app open but not on-screen) of their mobile device.
Location data (riders and delivery recipients). We collect riders’ and delivery recipients’ precise or approximate location data to enable and enhance use of our apps, including to improve pick-ups, facilitate deliveries, enable safety features, and prevent and detect fraud. Please see our Rider Location Help page for detailed information on how we use this data.

We collect such data from users’ mobile devices if they enable us to do so. (See “Choice and transparency” below for information on how riders and delivery recipients can enable location data collection). Uber collects such data from the time a ride or delivery is requested until it is finished (and may indicate such collection via an icon or notification on your mobile device depending on your device’s operating system), and any time the app is running in the foreground (app open and on-screen) of their mobile device.

Riders and delivery recipients may use the Uber apps without enabling Uber to collect precise location data from their mobile devices. However, this may affect features in the Uber apps. For example, a user who has not enabled location data collection will have to manually enter their pick-up address. In addition, the location data collected from a driver during a trip will be linked to the rider’s account, even if the rider has not enabled location data to be collected from their device, including for purposes of receipt generation, customer support, fraud detection, insurance, and litigation.
Transaction information: We collect transaction information related to the use of our services, including the type of services requested or provided, order details, payment transaction information (such as a restaurant’s or merchant's name and location and amount of transaction), delivery information, date and time the service was provided, amount charged, distance traveled, and payment method. Additionally, if someone uses your promotion code, we may associate your name with that person.
Usage data: We collect data about how users interact with our services. This includes data such as access dates and times, app features or pages viewed, app crashes and other system activity, and type of browser. We may also collect data regarding the third-party sites or services used before interacting with our services, which we use for marketing. (Please see "How We Use Data" below for more information on how we market our services to users).

In some cases, we collect this data through cookies, pixels, tags, and similar tracking technologies that create and maintain unique identifiers. To learn more about these technologies, please see our Cookie Notice. 
Device data: We may collect data about the devices used to access our services, including the hardware models, device IP address or other unique device identifiers, operating systems and versions, software, preferred languages, advertising identifiers, device motion data, and mobile network data.
Communications data: We enable users to communicate with each other and Uber through Uber’s mobile apps and websites. For example, we enable drivers and riders, and delivery persons and delivery recipients, to call, text, or send other files to each other (generally without disclosing their telephone numbers to each other). To provide this service, Uber receives some data regarding the calls, texts, or other communications, including the date and time of the communications and the content of the communications. Uber may also use this data for customer support services (including to resolve disputes between users), for safety and security purposes, to improve our services and features, and for analytics.
Safety recordings: In certain jurisdictions, and where permitted by law, users can record the audio and/or video of their trips through an in-app feature or using a dashcam. In app recordings are encrypted and stored on users’ devices, and are only shared with Uber if submitted to customer support by the users in connection with safety incidents. Please see here more information.
3. Data from other sources. These include:

Users participating in our referral programs. For example, when a user refers to another person, we receive the referred person’s personal data from that user.
Uber account owners who request services for or on behalf of other users, or who enable such users to request or receive services through their accounts. This includes owners of Uber for Business accounts.
users or others providing information in connection with claims or disputes.
Uber business partners through which users create or access their Uber account, such as payment providers, social media services, or apps or websites that use Uber’s APIs or whose APIs Uber uses. 
Uber business partners in connection with debit or credit cards issued by a financial institution in partnership with Uber to the extent disclosed in the terms and conditions for the card.
vendors who help us verify users’ identity, background information, and eligibility to work, or who screen users in connection with sanctions, anti-money laundering, or know-your-customer requirements 
insurance, vehicle, or financial services providers for drivers and/or delivery persons
partner transportation companies (for drivers or delivery persons who use our services through an account associated with such a company)
publicly available sources
marketing service providers or data resellers whose data Uber uses for marketing or research
law enforcement officials, public health officials, and other government authorities
Uber may combine the data collected from these sources with other data in its possession.

B. How we use personal data
Uber uses personal data to enable reliable and convenient transportation, delivery, and other products and services. We also use such data:

to enhance the safety and security of our users and services
for customer support  
for research and development  
to enable communications between users 
to send marketing and non-marketing communications to users
in connection with legal proceedings
Uber does not sell or share user personal data with third parties for their direct marketing, except with users’ consent.

We use personal data we collect:

1. To provide our services. Uber uses data to provide, personalize, maintain, and improve our services.

This includes using data to:

create/update accounts
enable transportation and delivery services (such as using location data to facilitate a pick up or delivery), features that involve data sharing (such as fare splitting, ETA sharing, and ratings and compliments), and accessibility features to facilitate use of our services by those with disabilities
process payments
track and share the progress of rides or deliveries
create Uber travel itineraries and offer related services, such as rides to the airport, rental car reservations, or food deliveries. 
personalize users’ accounts. We may, for example, present an Uber Eats user with personalized restaurant or food recommendations based on their prior orders. Please see the section of this notice titled “Choice and transparency” to learn how to object to this use of personal data.
facilitate insurance, vehicle, invoicing, or financing solutions
perform necessary operations to maintain our services, including to troubleshoot software bugs and operational problems; to conduct data analysis, testing, and research; and to monitor and analyze usage and activity trends.
Uber performs the above activities, including the collection and use of location data for purposes of these activities, on the grounds that they are necessary to fulfill our obligations to users under our Terms of Use or other agreements with users.

2. Safety and security. We use personal data to help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our services and users. This includes:

verifying users' identity and eligibility to provide transportation or deliveries, including through reviews of background checks, where permitted by law, to help prevent use of our services by unsafe drivers and/or riders.

In certain regions, this includes Uber’s Real-Time ID Check feature, which prompts drivers and delivery persons to share a selfie before going online to help ensure that the driver or delivery person using the app matches the Uber account we have on file. Where permitted by law, this also includes performing facial verification of photographs submitted by users, or collected from public databases, to prevent identity-borrowing or to verify users’ identities.
using data from drivers’ or delivery persons’ devices to detect unsafe driving behavior such as speeding or harsh braking and acceleration, and to inform them of safer driving practices. We also use data from delivery persons’ devices to verify the type of vehicles they used to provide deliveries.
using device, location, user profile, usage, and other data to prevent, detect, and combat fraud. This includes identifying fraudulent accounts or uses of our services, preventing use of our services by unauthorized drivers or delivery persons, verifying user identities in connection with certain payment methods, and preventing and combating unauthorized access to users’ accounts.
using user ratings, reported incidents, and other feedback to encourage compliance with our Community Guidelines and as grounds for deactivating users with low ratings or who otherwise violated such guidelines in certain countries.
sharing information regarding serious driver or delivery person safety incidents or compliance with local regulations with third parties, including other companies who enable users to request or provide rides or delivery services, or intermediaries who collect and report such information for multiple companies, to prevent drivers or delivery persons who may pose a safety risk to the platform or its users from using Uber’s or those other companies’ services. We may also share with third parties, including those affected by such incidents, whether the incidents result in account deactivation.
using ratings, usage and other data to prevent matching of riders and drivers for whom there is higher risk of conflict (for instance, because one user previously gave the other a one-star rating).
Uber performs the above activities on the grounds that they are necessary to fulfill our obligations to users under our Terms of Use or other agreements with users, and/or for purposes of the legitimate safety and security interests of Uber or other parties, including users and members of the general public.

3. Customer support. Uber uses the information we collect (which may include call recordings) to provide customer support, including to investigate and address user concerns and to monitor and improve our customer support responses and processes.

Uber performs the above activities on the grounds that they are necessary to fulfill our obligations to users under our Terms of Use or other agreements with users.

4. Research and development. We may use personal data for testing, research, analysis, product development, and machine learning to improve the user experience. This helps us make our services more convenient and easy-to-use, enhance the safety and security of our services, and develop new services and features.

Uber performs the above activities on the grounds that they are necessary to fulfil our obligations to users under our Terms of Use or other agreements with users in improving our existing services and features, or for purposes of Uber’s legitimate interests developing new services and features.

5. Enabling communications between users. For example, a driver may message or call a rider to confirm a pickup location, a rider may contact a driver to retrieve a lost item, or a restaurant or delivery person may call a delivery recipient with information about their order.

Uber performs the above activities on the grounds that they are necessary to fulfill our obligations to users under our Terms of Use or other agreements with users.

6. Marketing. Uber may use personal data to market our services to our users. This includes sending users communications about Uber services, features, promotions, sweepstakes, studies, surveys, news, updates, and events. We may do so through various methods, including email, text messages, push notifications, in app communications and ads, and ads on third party platforms.

We may also inform users about products and services offered by Uber partners. For example, we may provide recommendations, promotions, or ads for Uber partners based on users’ past delivery orders. Although we inform users about products and services offered by Uber partners, we do not sell users’ personal data to, or share it with, such partners or others for purposes of their own direct marketing or advertising, except with users’ consent.

We may use the data we collect, including in combination with advertising partners’ data, to personalize and improve the marketing communications (including ads) that we send on and off Uber’s apps and websites, including based on user location, use of Uber’s services, and user preferences and settings. For example, we share user data (such as hashed email address, usage information, and device or user identifiers) with Facebook and TikTok to personalize and improve our ads for Uber’s services.

For information about how to opt out of certain marketing communications (including ads) from Uber and its advertising partners, please see the section titled “Marketing choices.”

We may also send users communications regarding elections, ballots, referenda, and other political and notice processes that relate to our services. For example, Uber has notified some users by email of ballot measures or pending legislation relating to Uber’s services in those users’ areas.

Uber performs the above activities on the grounds that they are necessary for purposes of Uber’s legitimate interests in informing users about Uber services and features or those offered by Uber partners, or on the basis of user consent. See the sections titled “Choice and transparency” and “Marketing choices” for information on your choices regarding Uber’s use of your data for marketing.

7. Non-marketing communications. Uber may use personal data to generate and provide users with receipts; inform them of changes to our terms, services, or policies; or send other communications that aren’t for the purpose of marketing the services or products of Uber or its partners.

Uber performs the above activities on the grounds that they are necessary to fulfill our obligations to users under our Terms of Use or other agreements with users, or for purposes of Uber’s and it’s users legitimate interests in informing users about events that may have an impact on how they can use Uber services.

8. Legal proceedings and requirements. We may use personal data to investigate or address claims or disputes relating to use of Uber’s services, to satisfy requirements under applicable laws, regulations, or operating licenses or agreements, or pursuant to legal process or governmental request, including from law enforcement.

Uber performs the above activities on the grounds that they are necessary for purposes of Uber’s legitimate interests in investigating and responding to claims and disputes relating to use of Uber’s services and features, and/or necessary for compliance with applicable legal requirements.

9. Automated decision-making

We use personal data to make automated decisions relating to use of our services. This includes:

enabling dynamic pricing, in which the price of a ride, or the delivery fee for Uber Eats orders, is determined based on constantly varying factors such as the estimated time and distance, the predicted route, estimated traffic, and the number of riders and drivers using Uber at a given moment.
matching available drivers and delivery persons to users requesting services. Users can be matched based on availability, proximity, and other factors such as likelihood to accept a trip based on their past behavior or preferences. Please see here for further information about our matching process.
determining user ratings, and deactivating users with low ratings. In the European Union or where otherwise required by law, such deactivation occurs only after human review and/or the possibility to appeal. For more information about how ratings are determined and used, please see here for rider ratings, here for driver ratings, and here for delivery person ratings. Please also see the section below titled “Ratings look-up” for further information.
flagging users who are identified as having engaged in fraud, unsafe activity, or other activities that may harm Uber, its users, and others. In some cases, such as when a user is determined to be abusing Uber’s referral program or has submitted fraudulent documents, such behavior may result in automatic deactivation, or in the European Union or where otherwise required by law, deactivation after human review.
using driver location information, and communications between riders and drivers, to identify cancellation fees earned or induced through fraud. For example, if we determine by using such information that a driver is delaying a rider pickup in order to induce a cancellation, we will not charge the rider a cancellation fee and will adjust the amounts paid to the driver to omit such a fee. To object to such an adjustment, please contact Uber customer support.
Using driver data (such as location, rating and gender) and rider data (such as rating, origin and destination) to help avoid pairings of users that may result in increased risk of conflict.
Click the links in this section for more information about these processes. To object to a deactivation resulting from these processes, please contact Uber customer support.

Uber performs the above activities on the grounds that they are necessary to fulfill our obligations to users under our Terms of Use or other agreements with users, or on the grounds that they are necessary for purposes of the legitimate interests of Uber, its users and others.

C. Cookies and third-party technologies
Uber and its partners use cookies and other identification technologies on our apps, websites, emails, and online ads for purposes described in this notice, and Uber’s Cookie Notice.

Cookies are small text files that are stored on browsers or devices by websites, apps, online media, and advertisements. Uber uses cookies and similar technologies for purposes such as:

authenticating users
remembering user preferences and settings
determining the popularity of content
delivering and measuring the effectiveness of advertising campaigns
analyzing site traffic and trends, and generally understanding the online behaviors and interests of people who interact with our services
We may also allow others to provide audience measurement and analytics services for us, to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet, and to track and report on the performance of those advertisements. These entities may use cookies, web beacons, SDKs, and other technologies to identify the devices used by visitors to our websites, as well as when they visit other online sites and services.

Please see our Cookie Notice for more information regarding the use of cookies and other technologies described in this section.

D. Data sharing and disclosure
Some of Uber’s services and features require that we share personal data with other users or at a user’s request. We may also share such data with our affiliates, subsidiaries, and partners, for legal reasons or in connection with claims or disputes.

Uber may share personal data:

1. With other users

This includes sharing:

riders’ first name, rating, and pickup and/or dropoff locations with drivers
riders’ first name with other riders in a carpool trip. Riders in carpool trips may also see the dropoff location of the other riders.
delivery recipients’ first name, delivery address, and order information with their delivery person and restaurant or merchant. We may also share ratings and feedback, or other information to the extent required by law, with the restaurant partner and delivery person.
for drivers and delivery persons, we may share data with the rider(s), delivery recipient(s) and restaurants or merchants, including name and photo; vehicle make, model, color, license plate, and vehicle photo; location (before and during trip); average rating provided by users; total number of trips; period of time since they signed up to be a driver or delivery person; contact information (if permitted by applicable laws); and driver or delivery person profile, including compliments and other feedback submitted by past users.

We also provide riders and delivery recipients with receipts containing information such as a breakdown of amounts charged, driver or delivery person first name, photo, and route map. We also include other information on those receipts if required by law.
for those who participate in Uber’s referral program, we share certain personal data of referred users, such as trip count, with the user who referred them, to the extent relevant to determining the referral bonus.
2. At the user’s request

This includes sharing data with:

Other people at the user’s request. For example, we share a user’s ETA and location with a friend when requested by that user, or a user’s trip information when they split a fare with a friend.
Uber business partners. For example, if a user requests a service through a partnership or promotional offering made by a third party, Uber may share certain data with those third parties. This may include, for example, other services, platforms, apps, or websites that integrate with our APIs; vehicle suppliers or services; those with an API or service with which we integrate; or restaurants, merchants or other Uber business partners and their users in connection with promotions, contests, or specialized services.
Emergency services: We offer features that enable users to share their data with police, fire, and ambulance services in the event of an emergency or after certain incidents. For more information, please see the sections below titled “Choice and Transparency” and “Emergency Data Sharing”.  
3. With the general public 

Questions or comments from users submitted through public forums such as Uber blogs and Uber social media pages may be viewable by the public, including any personal data included in the questions or comments submitted by a user.

4. With the Uber account owner

If a user requests transportation or places an order using an account owned by another party, we may share their order or trip information, including location data, with the owner of that account. This occurs, for example, when:

a rider uses their employer’s Uber for Business profile, such as when they take trips arranged through Uber Central
a driver or delivery person uses an account owned by or associated with an Uber partner transportation company or restaurant
a rider takes a trip arranged by a friend or under a Family Profile
a delivery person acts as a substitute (UK only)
5. With Uber subsidiaries and affiliates

We share personal data with our subsidiaries and affiliates to help us provide our services or conduct data processing on our behalf. For example, Uber processes and stores such data in the United States on behalf of its international subsidiaries and affiliates.

6. With Uber service providers and business partners

Uber provides personal data to vendors, consultants, marketing partners, research firms, and other service providers or business partners. These include:

payment processors and facilitators
background check and identity verification providers
cloud storage providers
Google, in connection with the use of Google Maps in Uber’s apps (see Google’s privacy policy for information on their collection and use of data)
social media companies, including Facebook and TikTok, in connection with Uber’s use of their tools in Uber’s apps and websites (see Facebook’s and TikTok’s privacy policies for information on their collection and use of data)
Marketing partners and marketing platform providers, including social media advertising services, advertising networks, third-party data providers, and other service providers to reach or better understand our users and measure advertising effectiveness
research partners, including those performing surveys or research projects in partnership with Uber or on Uber’s behalf
vendors that assist Uber to enhance the safety and security of its apps
consultants, lawyers, accountants, and other professional service providers
insurance and financing partners
airports
providers of bike and scooters that can be rented through Uber apps, such as Lime
restaurants, grocery stores and other merchants from whom delivery recipients place orders, as well as partners and/or their point of sale providers, including for order fulfillment, delivery, communications and marketing purposes  
third-party vehicle suppliers, including fleet and rental partners
7. For legal reasons or in the event of a dispute

Uber may share users’ personal data if we believe it’s required by applicable law, regulation, operating license or agreement, legal process or governmental request, or where the disclosure is otherwise appropriate due to safety or similar concerns.

This includes sharing personal data with law enforcement officials, public health officials, other government authorities, airports (if required by the airport authorities as a condition of operating on airport property), or other third parties as necessary to enforce our Terms of Service, user agreements, or other policies; to protect Uber’s rights or property or the rights, safety, or property of others; or in the event of a claim or dispute relating to the use of our services. In the event of a dispute relating to use of another person’s credit card, we may be required by law to share your personal data, including trip or order information, with the owner of that credit card.

For more information, please see Uber’s Guidelines for Law Enforcement Authorities - United States, Guidelines for Law Enforcement Authorities - Outside the US, and Guidelines for Third Party Data Requests and Service of Legal Documents.

This also includes sharing personal data with others in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, consolidation or restructuring, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by or into another company.

8. With consent

Uber may share a user’s personal data other than as described in this notice if we notify the user and they consent to the sharing.

E. Data retention and deletion
Uber retains user data for as long as necessary for the purposes described above.

Users may request deletion of their accounts at any time. Uber may retain user data after a deletion request due to legal or regulatory requirements or for reasons stated in this policy.

Uber retains user data for as long as necessary for the purposes described above. This means that we retain different categories of data for different periods of time depending on the type of data, the category of user to whom the data relates, and the purposes for which we collected the data.

Users may request deletion of their account at any time through the Settings > Privacy menus in the Uber app, or through Uber’s website (riders and delivery recipients here; drivers and delivery persons here).

Following an account deletion request, Uber deletes the user’s account and data, unless they must be retained due to legal or regulatory requirements, for purposes of safety, security, and fraud prevention, or because of an issue relating to the user’s account such as an outstanding credit or an unresolved claim or dispute. Because we are subject to legal and regulatory requirements relating to drivers and delivery persons, this generally means that we retain their account and data for a minimum of 7 years after a deletion request. For riders and delivery recipients, their data is generally deleted within 90 days of a deletion request, except where retention is necessary for the above reasons.

IV. Choice and transparency
Uber enables users to access and/or control data that Uber collects, including through: 

privacy settings
device permissions
in-app ratings pages
marketing choices 
Uber also enables users to request access to or copies of their data, changes or updates to their accounts, or deletion of their accounts, or that Uber restricts its processing of user personal data.

1. Privacy settings

The Settings > Privacy menu in the Uber app allows riders and delivery recipients to set or update their preferences regarding location data collection and sharing, emergency data sharing, and notifications.

Location data collection (riders and delivery recipients)
Riders and delivery recipients can enable/disable Uber to collect location data from their mobile devices through their device settings, which can be accessed via the Settings > Privacy > Location menu.

Share Live Location (Riders)
Riders can enable/disable Uber to share their real-time location data from their mobile devices with their drivers through their device settings, which can be accessed via the Settings > Privacy > Location menu.

Emergency Data Sharing 
Riders may enable Uber to share real-time location data from their mobile devices with emergency police, fire, and ambulance services. Such data may include approximate location at the time the emergency call was placed; the car’s make, model, color, and license plate information; the rider’s name and phone number; pickup and dropoff locations; and the driver’s name.

Riders may enable/disable this feature via the Settings > Privacy > Location menu, or the Safety Center.

Drivers and delivery persons can also enable/disable Emergency Data Sharing via the App settings > Emergency Data Sharing menu, or the Safety Toolkit.

Notifications: account and trip updates
Uber provides users with trip status notifications and updates related to activity on their account. These notifications are a necessary part of using the Uber app and cannot be disabled. However, users may choose the method by which they receive these notifications through the Settings > Privacy menu.

Notifications: discounts and news
Users may enable Uber to send push notifications about discounts and news from Uber. Push notifications may be enabled or disabled through the Settings > Privacy menus in the Uber app.

Communications from restaurants and merchants 
Users may opt-in to receive communications from certain restaurants while placing an order in the Uber Eats app. Those who opt-in may choose to cease receiving such communications through the Settings > Account > Data Sharing menus in the Uber Eats app.

2. Device permissions

Most mobile device platforms (iOS, Android, etc.) have defined certain types of device data that apps cannot access without the device owner’s permission, and these platforms have different methods for how that permission can be obtained. Please check the available settings on your device or check with your provider.

3. In-app ratings pages

After every trip, drivers and riders are able to rate each other on a scale from 1 to 5. An average of those ratings is associated with a user’s account and is displayed to other users for whom they provide or receive services. For example, rider ratings are available to drivers from whom they request transportation, and driver ratings are available to their riders.

This 2-way system holds everyone accountable for their behavior. Accountability helps create a respectful, safe environment for drivers and riders.

Riders can see their average rating in the main menu of the Uber app.

Drivers can see their average rating after tapping their profile photo in the Uber Driver app.

Delivery persons may also be rated by delivery recipients, restaurants and merchants. Click here for more information.

4. Marketing choices

Users may opt out of certain marketing communications (including ads) and use of their data for marketing in the following ways:

Ad settings: These settings enable users to choose whether their data is shared with Uber’s advertising partners to deliver personalized ads, and/or to measure the effectiveness of such ads.
Marketing emails and messages: To opt out of receiving marketing emails from Uber, or for instructions on how to set your preferences regarding whether to receive marketing SMS or push notifications from Uber, click here. Users may also opt out of receiving emails and other messages from Uber by following the unsubscribe instructions in those messages. We may still send users who have opted out non-promotional communications, such as receipts for rides or information about their account.
Cookies and related technologies: For information on how to opt out of personalized ads using cookies and related technologies, please see our Cookie Notice.
Uber Eats ads: Uber Eats users can opt out of certain personalized ads from Uber’s advertising partners here. Users who opt out may still see ads, but they will be less relevant.
5. User personal data requests 

Uber provides users with a variety of ways to learn about, control, and submit questions and comments about Uber’s handling of their personal data.

Accessing data: Users can access data including their profile data and trip or order history through the Uber apps or via Uber’s website. Users can also use our Explore Your Data feature to view an online summary of information about their account, such as number of trips or orders, rating, rewards status, and number of days since they’ve been an Uber user. Users can also request access to their data here.
Receiving data: Users can request a copy of their personal data using our Download Your Data tool. For an overview of the data available through that tool, please click here. Users may also request a copy of their data here. 
Changing or updating data: Users can edit the name, phone number, email address, payment method, and photo associated with their account through the Settings menu in Uber’s apps or driver portal. Users may also request to update or correct their data here. 
Deleting data: Users may request deletion of their account at any time through the Settings > Privacy menus in the Uber app, or through Uber’s website (riders and delivery recipients here; drivers and delivery persons here).
Objections, restrictions, and complaints: Users may request that we stop using all or some of their personal data, or that we limit our use of their data. This includes objecting to our use of personal data that is based on Uber’s legitimate interests. Uber may continue to process data after such objection or request to the extent required or permitted by law.

In addition, depending on their location, users may have the right to file a complaint relating to Uber’s handling of their personal data with the data protection authority in their country. For example, users in the European Union and South America may submit such requests to the data protection authorities in the country in which they live.
Users may submit the above requests here.

V. Updates to this notice
We may occasionally update this notice. 

We may occasionally update this notice. If we make significant changes, we will notify users in advance of the changes through the Uber apps or through other means, such as email. We encourage users to periodically review this notice for the latest information on our privacy practices.

Use of our services after an update constitutes consent to the updated notice to the extent permitted by law.
Privacy Notice
This Twitch Privacy Notice applies to your use of www.twitch.tv, and any other websites, applications, or services provided, owned, or operated by Twitch Interactive, Inc. (with its affiliates, “Twitch”) that link to this Privacy Notice (collectively, the “Twitch Services”). Twitch values the privacy of users, subscribers, publishers, members, and others who visit and use the Twitch Services (collectively or individually, “you” or “users”) and wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use, and disclose personal information from and about you. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting www.twitch.tv, setting up your Twitch account, or using the Twitch Services, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice, to the extent permitted by law.

For purposes of data protection laws, Twitch Interactive, Inc. located at 350 Bush Street, 2nd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94104, is the “data controller” of your information collected in connection with the Twitch Services.

You may share personal information when using the Twitch Services. One example is when you provide information about yourself as part of the Twitch account creation process. Another is when you take certain actions on the Twitch Services that are public or intended to be public in nature, such as when you broadcast content, participate in a chat room, post profile information, follow a channel, or subscribe to a broadcast channel. Given the social nature of some of the Twitch Services, that information may be collected, used, or disclosed by others who are part of that social interaction. In addition, some features of the Twitch Services are designed to provide others with information about user activity, such as identifying the user who created a particular Clip or the subscription status of users for a given channel. We encourage you to be mindful of this when considering your activity on the Twitch Services.

Storage and access to cookies that are set in connection with the Twitch Services are governed by the Twitch Cookie Policy (“Cookie Policy”).

Personal Information Twitch Collects About You
We obtain information about you through the means discussed below when we provide the Twitch Services. Please note that we need certain types of information so that we can provide the Twitch Services to you. If you do not provide us with such information, or ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use the Twitch Services.

User-provided Information: You may provide a variety of information about yourself to us, such as your name, voice and image (in any content you upload), Twitch username, email address, postal mailing address, telephone number, credit card number, and billing information when you register for Twitch Services; upload, purchase, view, or download certain content or products from the Twitch Services; enter contests or sweepstakes; or otherwise use the features and functionality of the Twitch Services.
Automatically Collected Information: When you access the Twitch Services or open one of our emails, we automatically record and store certain information about your system by using cookies and other types of technologies. Cookies are small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters that are sent to your browser. For information about what cookies are, how they work, how Twitch uses them, and how to remove them, please see our Cookie Policy . Examples of such information we automatically collect include Internet Protocol address (“IP Address”), a unique user ID, device and browser types and identifiers, referring and exit page addresses, software and system type, and information about your usage of Twitch Services. Examples of how Twitch uses automatically collected information include to: (a) automatically update the Twitch application on your system; (b) remember your information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you access the Twitch Services; (c) provide customized advertisements, content, and information; (d) monitor the effectiveness of marketing campaigns; (e) monitor and store aggregate site usage metrics such as total number of visitors and pages accessed; and (f) track your entries, submissions, and status in any promotions or other activities.
Information from Other Sources: We may obtain additional information from third parties and sources other than the Twitch Services. For example, we may obtain additional information from advertisers, games or services you use, or social media networks (such as Facebook) for which you have approved our access. When you access the Twitch Services through social media networks or when you connect the Twitch Services to social media networks, you are authorizing Twitch to collect, store, and use such additional information and content in accordance with this Privacy Notice. We may also obtain information from third-party services (such as Riot or Steam) regarding your use of such services, including about your use of the content you choose to broadcast through the Twitch Services. We use this information to supplement the information we collect about you in order to provide more relevant, safer experiences for you with the Twitch Services and improve the Twitch Services, analytics, and advertising. If we combine or associate information from other sources with information that we collect through the Twitch Services, we will treat the combined information in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
How Twitch Uses Personal Information
Twitch uses such information to operate, maintain, enhance, provide, create, and develop all of the features, functionality, and services (new or existing) found on the Twitch Services; provide security for our websites, products, software, or applications; manage relationships with Twitch account holders (e.g., Partners, Affiliates), including making or receiving payment; improve users’ experience with Twitch by providing content recommendations and by delivering content that we hope users will find relevant and interesting, including advertising and marketing messages; allow you to comment on content, and participate in online games, contests, or rewards programs; prevent fraud and abuse; and understand the usage trends of our users.
We use your email address and/or telephone number to communicate with you, including to notify you of major Twitch Services updates, for customer service purposes, or to contact you regarding any content that you have posted to or downloaded from the Twitch Services. If you want to stop receiving notifications by telephone, reply STOP to any text message from us. Note that we may still send you additional informational or transactional notifications.
Twitch may periodically send promotional materials or notifications to you related to the Twitch Services. If you want to stop receiving promotional materials, you can go to your account settings once you have logged in to the Twitch Services or follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of any email from us. If you have installed a mobile app and you wish to stop receiving push notifications, you can change the settings either on your mobile device or through the app.
In certain cases, we have a legal obligation to collect and process your personal information (such as our obligation to share data with tax authorities).
We may also ask for your consent to process your personal information for a specific purpose that we communicate to you. When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and we will stop the processing of your data for that purpose.
Twitch will rely on legal grounds to process your personal information to the extent permitted by applicable law, which may include, without limitation:  to honor contractual commitments, to take steps in anticipation of entering into contract, to fulfill legal obligations, your consent, and Twitch’s legitimate interests.
When Twitch Discloses Personal Information
We share such information as described below:

We disclose such information to service providers working on our behalf, such as, to: provide website hosting, maintenance, and security services; fulfill orders; conduct data analysis and create reports; offer certain functionality; or assist Twitch in improving the Twitch Services and creating new services and features. We require that these parties process such information in compliance with this Privacy Notice, we authorize them to use the information only for the purposes for which it is provided to them, and we require them to use reasonable confidentiality measures.
Twitch may make information available to our affiliates (meaning entities controlled by, controlling, or under common control with Twitch), including Amazon.com, Inc. and its subsidiaries that are either subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.
Twitch may disclose user information if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to comply with U.S. state and federal laws or other applicable laws around the world (for example, in the country of your residence), or respond to a court order, judicial or other government request, subpoena, or warrant in the manner legally required.
Twitch also reserves the right to disclose information that we believe, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to protect Twitch from potential liability or from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses; investigate and defend ourselves against third-party claims, or allegations; protect the security or integrity of the Twitch Services; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Twitch, our users, or others.
Other than as set out in this Privacy Notice, you will receive notice when personal information about you might be shared with third parties and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.

Data Subject Rights and Your Choices
Twitch’s Privacy Choices page describes your privacy options with respect to the Twitch services, including information about how you may be able to review, update, or delete information that Twitch may have about you. You may decline to share certain information with Twitch, in which case Twitch may not be able to provide to you some of the features and functionality found on the Twitch Services. If you have created a Twitch Services account, depending on the service, you may be able to update your profile information and preferences or disable your account by logging in and going to the settings page – for example, www.twitch.tv. 

For other requests to review, update, delete, or otherwise limit Twitch’s use of information that you have provided directly to Twitch, you may contact privacy@twitch.tv. In your request, please include your email address, name, address, and telephone number and specify all relevant background. To protect your privacy and security, we may take steps to verify your identity before granting you access or making corrections to your information. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information at all times.

Residents of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and residents of Brazil can exercise certain data subject rights available to them under applicable data protection laws.  We will comply with requests to exercise these rights in accordance with applicable law. Please note that in some circumstances, we may need to keep processing your information for certain legitimate interests or to comply with a legal obligation.  If these rights apply to you, they may permit you to request that we:

Obtain access to or a copy of certain personal information we hold about you.
Prevent the processing of your personal information for direct marketing purposes (including any direct marketing processing based on profiling).
Update personal information that is out of date or incorrect.
Delete certain personal information we hold about you.
Restrict the way that we process and disclose specific personal information about you.
Transfer your personal information to a third-party provider of services.
Revoke consent that you previously provided for the processing of your personal information.
For more information on how to exercise these rights, click here.  If applicable, you may make a complaint to the data protection supervisory authority in the country where you are based. Alternatively, you may seek a remedy through local courts if you believe your rights have been breached.

Account Closure & Deletion
If you would like to close your account and delete your profile information on www.twitch.tv go to https://www.twitch.tv/user/delete_account. For Twitch Services other than twitch.tv, you may update or delete information tied to your account, or close an account, by accessing the “My Account” area of the service or by submitting a help ticket to that service. If you close your account, Twitch may retain certain information about you for the activities described in this Privacy Notice, or as permitted or required by applicable law.

Third-Party Services and Websites
The Twitch Services may link to third-party websites or services. The privacy practices of those third parties are not governed by this Privacy Notice. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third-party websites and services to understand their practices.

If you connect to a third-party service (such as Facebook, Twitter, or another third-party application) through the Twitch Services or otherwise link your Twitch account with a third-party service, you are requesting and authorizing us to share or grant access to information on your behalf (such as your username, the fact that your connection originated from the Twitch Services, and other relevant usage and diagnostic information) with such third party. We may also send information about the content you watch or your activities on the Twitch Services to such third parties. For example, we may make information available to app developers, game developers, and game publishers to facilitate purchases and awards of digital goods, such as games and in-game items.

Extensions
The Twitch Extensions program allows broadcasters to embed interactive, custom, third-party content and applications on their channel pages. You can find out more about the specific Extension(s) operating on a given channel by clicking on the attribution links or icons that Twitch will make available on the channel page, for example, on the Twitch video player or at the bottom of an Extension’s panel.

Interaction by a viewer with an Extension or with the channel on which the Extension is activated will provide the developer that operates the Extension with viewer information of the nature described above in “Automatically Collected Information.” Twitch does not provide access to your user name or ID to third-party Extension developers as part of the Twitch Extensions program unless you click “Grant Access” within the Extension or you install an Extension on your channel. You are responsible for any information you provide to the developer independently, for example, through a web form on the Extension or visiting that developer’s website.

We require Extension developers to process data about you only for the purposes set forth in our developer agreement. We encourage you to visit an Extension’s detail page to review any privacy policy posted by the developer, which may include additional information on their privacy practices.

Advertisers and Analytics Providers
Twitch may use third-party Web analytics services in connection with the Twitch Services. These service providers use a variety of tracking technologies such as cookies to analyze how users use the Twitch Services. The information collected (described above in “Automatically Collected Information”) may be shared with or collected directly by these services and processed to evaluate your use of the Twitch Services.

Twitch may also work with third-party ad networks, advertisers, and advertising analytics providers to target (and measure the performance of) ads to you both on and off the Twitch Services. We may share with these third parties (or they may directly collect) data such as cookie and mobile ad identifiers in order to engage in advertising activity (including to understand how you respond to advertisements and to serve relevant ads). Twitch also works with third parties to serve ads to you off Twitch’s Services. When we do so, we may share information such as your email address or resettable device identifier for that advertising partner to “match” to other information that may have about you.

Advertisers on Twitch, or representatives or service providers working on their behalf (“Twitch Advertisers”), sometimes use technology to serve ads that appear on our services directly to your device.  They automatically receive certain data, such as your IP address, when this happens. They may also use cookies (or similar technologies) to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize ad content. This Privacy Notice does not apply to, and we cannot control the tracking technologies and activities of Twitch Advertisers and you should consult their respective privacy policies. For more information about Twitch Advertisers and similar entities that use these technologies, and to opt-out of their advertising practices, go to our Privacy Choices page.

Do Not Track
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. DNT is a way for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information collected on our website for third-party purposes, and that is why we provide the Network Advertising Initiative, Your Online Choices and the Digital Advertising Alliance opt-out links above. However, Twitch does not recognize or respond to browser-initiated DNT signals.

Data Security
Twitch uses a variety of managerial, technical, and physical measures to protect the integrity and security of your information. These measures may vary based on the sensitivity of your information. However, no security precautions or systems can be completely secure. We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Twitch, and you do so at your own risk. We cannot guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.

Retention of Your Information
Twitch maintains data related to your usage of Twitch for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Notice, as may be required (or permitted) by law such as for tax and accounting purposes, or as otherwise communicated to you. Once you have asked us to close your account and delete your profile information, we will delete all information that we are not required or permitted to retain by law.

Children’s Privacy
IF YOU ARE UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE, THEN PLEASE DO NOT USE OR ACCESS THE TWITCH SERVICES AT ANY TIME OR IN ANY MANNER.

Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. For that reason, Twitch does not knowingly collect or maintain personal information (as defined by the United States Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act) from persons under 13 years-of-age. If Twitch learns that personal information of persons under 13 has been collected on or through the Twitch Services, Twitch will take appropriate steps to delete this information.

If you are the parent or legal guardian of a child under 13 who has become a Twitch Services member, then please contact Twitch at privacy@twitch.tv to have that child’s account terminated and personal information deleted.

For residents of the EEA and residents of Brazil where the processing of personal information is based on consent, Twitch will not knowingly engage in that processing for users under the age of consent established by applicable data protection law. If we learn that we are engaged in that processing with such users, we will halt such processing and will take reasonable measures to promptly remove applicable information from our records.

Merger or Sale
In the event that Twitch, or some or all assets related to the Twitch Services are acquired by or merged with a third-party entity or in connection with a contemplated change of ownership transaction, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign the information that we have collected from users as part of that merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control event, including in the course of diligence.

International Data Transfers
Information collected by Twitch may be stored and processed in your region, in the United States (for instance in our major data centers), or in any other country where Twitch or its affiliates, subsidiaries, partners, or service providers are located or maintain facilities.  If we provide any information about you to any such entities, we will take appropriate measures to ensure such companies protect your information adequately in accordance with this Privacy Notice and applicable law.

Changes and Updates to This Privacy Notice
Twitch reserves the right to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Notice at any time (for example to reflect updates to the Twitch Services or to reflect changes in the law). Please check this Privacy Notice periodically for those changes. Your continued use of the Twitch Services after the posting of changes constitutes your binding acceptance of such changes.

We will not materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of personal information collected in the past under a prior version of the Privacy Notice without the consent of affected individuals

Twitch Contact Information
Please contact Twitch with any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice at 350 Bush Street, 2nd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94104 or by email to privacy@twitch.tv. We will respond to your inquiry within 30 days of its receipt. If you are a California resident, you may have this same information emailed to you by sending a letter to the foregoing address with your email address and a request for this information.

For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation, Twitch Sweden AB has been designated by Twitch Interactive, Inc. as its representative in the EU to act on its behalf with regard to its obligations under Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation. Please contact Twitch Sweden AB with any questions (including questions about your rights) or comments about this Privacy Notice at Twitch Sweden AB, Polstjärnegatan 14 417 56 Gothenburg, Sweden or by email to privacy@twitch.tv.

Twitch UK Limited has been designated by Twitch Interactive, Inc. as its representative under the UK GDPR for residents of the UK. Please contact Twitch UK with any questions (including questions about your rights) or comments about this Privacy Notice at Twitch UK Limited,1 New Oxford Street WC1A 1BA, UK or by email to privacy@twitch.tv.

Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
California Privacy Disclosures
Click here to read additional disclosures required under the California Consumer Privacy Act and other California laws.

Republic of Korea Privacy Disclosures
Click here to read additional disclosures required under the Personal Information Protection Act.